Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we start
Timothy Sackton: at the river of Lava,
Timothy Sackton: bubbling slowly as it flows through the lush jungle of the
Timothy Sackton: cause to let Lakua, the footprint of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: You've come here to this place in hopes of finding the source of the elemental corruption that's spreading, seeping into the land, and once you find the source figuring out how to stop it.
Timothy Sackton: You left the Wizard folk village of Bedez a few days ago,
Timothy Sackton: traveling with
Timothy Sackton: Anari, a Lizard folk hunter who, along with Azarak, uh we're chosen by the Council of Elders to join Ken. So on this quest,
Timothy Sackton: and Kenza's experience in the dream world suggested that this
Timothy Sackton: elemental corruption that's in balance, that's
Timothy Sackton: ah spreading from the footprint of the gods was caused by some powerful creature from the spirit realm,
Timothy Sackton: wounded,
Timothy Sackton: throwing their land of
Timothy Sackton: rich connections to extra planner sources of energy out of balance.
Timothy Sackton: Just moments ago, at the Lava River you met so many I a fire spirit, the soul of the volcano that bears his name,
Timothy Sackton: fleeing his home and under attack from fire cursed beasts
Timothy Sackton: and dinosaur swimming in the lava itself.
Timothy Sackton: He told you that the spirit you seek, the
Timothy Sackton: creature that's causing this disturbance is called Motua,
Timothy Sackton: and they are a Guidari, one of the
Timothy Sackton: spirit guardians that protects the souls of the dead who travel along the river of the dead before being claimed by their gods.
Timothy Sackton: According to so many. I, this creature should not be here, and is destroying the nature of reality itself by their presence,
Timothy Sackton: graining the spiritual energy of the place.
Timothy Sackton: And Motua must be killed again, according to Sonomi Ni, to restore the balance of the material plane. Before these effects spread
Timothy Sackton: beyond this limited jungle realm they begin to destroy the Lizardville kingdom itself.
Timothy Sackton: From Kenza's communion with the jungle. You know that Motua is at the center of this place beyond the Lava River, and no more than a day's journey west.
Timothy Sackton: So now it is just a matter of
Timothy Sackton: finding a way across the lava, which, while you can feel the heat rising from it,
Timothy Sackton: and whenever a branch, or a uh wood, or anything seems to fall into the love, it immediately burst into flame. The trees themselves along the shore do not seem to be catching fire, and the love itself is not
Timothy Sackton: causing a forest fire or anything,
Timothy Sackton: and once you find your way across the law of avoiding whatever dangers may still lurk
Timothy Sackton: in the disorder jungle, and then confronting Motua,
Timothy Sackton: killing them, or
Timothy Sackton: otherwise,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: driving them off, or convincing them to stop the destruction that they are causing.
Timothy Sackton: So um as we get. Let's let's do character descriptions again. Um, I guess i'll start with in aari. So you're traveling with an Aari. It's a tall, well mustard lizard folk man
Timothy Sackton: standing maybe a foot taller than the average human, with green scales, red eyes on a striking, reddish brown crest.
Timothy Sackton: Um with a faint bluish tinge on his facial scales. That tells you he's well into his middle years at least,
Timothy Sackton: he wears a battered and mended breastplate strapped over his tough high, the leather belts and buckles providing space for wilderness survivor of gear like traveling gear water skins. Um! The equipment of somebody
Timothy Sackton: prepared to spend a long time wandering in the jungle alone.
Timothy Sackton: One hand he holds a long pike decorated with vine,
Timothy Sackton: like a vine motif that runs up the side and ending in a cluster of thorns, from which the spare point erupts.
Timothy Sackton: His armor is decorated with many symbols which you recognize as the marks of villages in the kingdom of,
Timothy Sackton: or a Kat to the Elizabeth Folk kingdom you're in, presumably showing off its heroic endeavors across the way. I've done
Timothy Sackton: the last session you learn from him that he is a skilled
Timothy Sackton: cracker and guide and travel are having once been as far to the west as the deserts on the far side of the mountains, where the strange nomish creatures, like dwarves, but above ground, dwell
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: You guys want to describe your characters.
Timothy Sackton: I remember the names of the two little ones. Oh, right!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kneeling and catching his breath to the fire elemental leaf.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Catching his breath, his robe is slashed and torn from battle. I only have thirty four hit points. I'm like half your points right there. Slash and torn from battle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wounds like the scarred marks. Fire fire marks on his, on his, you know, on his face, and his his robes are are ah torn and slashed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's wearing the ah um! Ah! Still clothing from the Ah, the Lizard folk from his his time training and working with them and still holding his staff, which is, i'm adorned with Ah! Again the two jade pieces, and ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh, you know, has a beautiful munic markings, like up towards the bottom, as he's been carving and working his staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He looks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: calm, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of staring at the lava and his long. His hair now is is ah, you know, before normal. It's normally like tied back, but is is unknown, so it's kind of long hair down to his. You know. Kind of around here right now, but it's sort of waving, and he's um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting himself cleaned up a little bit after battle, and trying to assess, looking at the lava, how to get across.
Timothy Sackton: And remember I I forgot this at the end of the
Timothy Sackton: at the end of last session. The Fire Spirit, as he left like burned a symbol into your staff right the Ohhana symbol of the of the Ohana key, which
Timothy Sackton: you'll need to. You'll need to like, Deal with all the problems before it can. It can like, charge up and give you like a power, but it has a minor effect, which is, if you score a critical hit against a creature with your staff.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: It takes an extra wendy six necrotic damage, and has to make a wisdom saving throw. If it fails,
Timothy Sackton: it's under the effects of the slow spell. So it's like Wow! Slow down. That's them. I get a I roll a natural twenty. I'll try and stop that with the staff. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Eric Rosenbaum: tens of hours
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that must air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's that of the four soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: Azarak is a
Eric Rosenbaum: contemplative Isn't folk
of all
Eric Rosenbaum: green and blue scales, and a
Eric Rosenbaum: this dark cloak, covered with a sprinkling of twinkling stars.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really care as a staff,
Eric Rosenbaum: and also a
Eric Rosenbaum: um branch covered with
Eric Rosenbaum: bills.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: to carry!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And in his elaborate frame pack
Eric Rosenbaum: too tiny complaining,
Eric Rosenbaum: for instance,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who met a game are also like they're not your kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're powerful, somehow, because I remember I was like soul citing them, and they found like weird abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something going on with them
Eric Rosenbaum: that was unexpected. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, yes. I was given them to take
Eric Rosenbaum: back to this place to the footprint of the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: But exactly what that means, or who I am to give them to is unclear,
and they're right in to me by that loser tok, Elder.
Timothy Sackton: They were given to you by
Timothy Sackton: by a jaguar,
Eric Rosenbaum: was it? How I forget about the jaguar? Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's so cool. It's it's tricky enough to play in
Eric Rosenbaum: each of these one shops. Tim has to actually, like, create everything. And then, like
Eric Rosenbaum: like running many campaigns,
Timothy Sackton: I guess it helps that he write stuff down. I do have quite a lot of notes um
Timothy Sackton: as you are, as you're sort of looking at. The jungle Inari comes over to you kenza you Um!
Timothy Sackton: Because these are Were you? Were you? Were you wounded in the last fight,
Timothy Sackton: or was it just Kenzo? I do not have any it points knocked off. Okay, I think it was just Kenzo, and you know, all right, because you were staying back. He comes over to Kenzo, and he takes like out of a a pouch at the side of his um
Timothy Sackton: from the side of his. Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Like on his leather strap of this, like
Timothy Sackton: like herb, poultice, and sort of rubs it in his hand, and presses up against of you, and it glows with magical energy. And you heal twenty three new points.
Timothy Sackton: I hope that helps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely definitely does. Thank you, my friend,
Timothy Sackton: but I guess we need to cross this river somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, um for water. I just swim. It's about thirty feet forty feet across.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, i'm guessing Kenza could probably just jump across it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I won't.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, probably
Timothy Sackton: if you gotta if you
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you can jump. I have a ring of jumping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait! You know I I also have a message stone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that doesn't work right. I can't communicate with Bobby right now. We tried that right? Ah, you can try, actually. Yeah, I'll try to communicate with Wall Street randomly. I just like as i'm rummaging through my bag waiting for anything useful. I realize I've got the messaging stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll be. Where are you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we'll see if he responds. Oh, my God, that's funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far does I jump in? Able to see
Timothy Sackton: with your with? If you spend a key and you use the jump spell, you can jump.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, fifty feet. Okay, all right,
Timothy Sackton: if you use your ring of jumping and you spend a key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a way of cross again. Given my my abilities and skills, I can actually jump directly across.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but i'm not sure how to help the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have questions, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absorb elements applies to
Eric Rosenbaum: Om. To reaction.
Timothy Sackton: I see it's when you take damage. It gives you resistance to the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: But taking would that include stepping on model as opposed to being like hit by spell or something. Yeah. But stepping into lava does a lot of damage. So half of a lot of damage might still kill you, I see, so that it doesn't make you immune to the damage it just have that,
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if I do, polymorph,
Eric Rosenbaum: do I take the babies with me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, interesting question.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean you can probably morph into something large, and they could ride you. Oh, yeah, yeah, that's the way to do it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something and a something a large that flies
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about that large enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about like a pterodacty?
Timothy Sackton: There we go. Yeah, that would be large enough, and twice that's on them.
Toss it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Why, yes, I can transform into flying dinosaur
Eric Rosenbaum: that should do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what about you in our
Timothy Sackton: we?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: do you think you could
Timothy Sackton: carry me,
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim? A question?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, Yeah, if you're turning into a large creature, the babies are are small, or you can hold the babies in right on your back. I'm sure I could jump with them, holding one of the baby suit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, let's give it a try
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we rest first,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or let's do that. Let's get across the river and then rest.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I think I think a brief rest to catch our breath might make sense. I'm not sure.
Timothy Sackton: This is a safe place to set camp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A brief rest sounds fine. Is it safer on the other side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't imagine anywhere in this forest is a safe place at least night's sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a chance to get your spell slot back if you if you do it, you just short rest after
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I I don't only jaw with gets spell it stuff that's back on short rest, so I keep that on short rest. Right. You get key back on the shore. Rest.
Timothy Sackton: Well, let's see this.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see this creature that you can turn into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh, so is our right
Eric Rosenbaum: steps,
Eric Rosenbaum: a few feet safely away from the conversation,
Eric Rosenbaum: looks inward, folding it on himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Starry cook billows out.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a sort of spinning transformation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as he approaches down
Eric Rosenbaum: and expands outward into
Eric Rosenbaum: twenty. Could I be?
Timothy Sackton: Do we have it? Yeah, we're using the regular talgar
Timothy Sackton: revisited for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: because there wasn't any new players. So it was easier.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go,
Eric Rosenbaum: enormous
Eric Rosenbaum: dinosaur with the same
blue scales as the original Lizard folk.
Timothy Sackton: And all right, it looks up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I can ride that
Timothy Sackton: if you don't mind
Timothy Sackton: steps onto your back like grabs. One of the babies hands went to Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: turns out just like
Timothy Sackton: you barely even have to run you just like, take a step, and you know,
Timothy Sackton: so our fifty feet in the air. I hold the baby like that football like,
Timothy Sackton: and the the other two of you fly across
Timothy Sackton: um, landing on the other side without
Timothy Sackton: any issue.
Timothy Sackton: And yeah, if you want to take a short rest, go ahead
Timothy Sackton: in our is going to roll a few hit to ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just. I still don't really understand how it. Dice works
Timothy Sackton: uh.
Timothy Sackton: So you have a certain number of head dice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can roll each one of them. How do I know how many hit this I have.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, if you just click on short rest,
Timothy Sackton: it shows you
Timothy Sackton: it shows you the hit dice, and there's a on gnd beyond, and there's a little button that says roll hit, I see. Check off the number of ones you want to roll and click, roll, hit dice,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, boom!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do another one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So while this is happening,
Eric Rosenbaum: the tyrannodom, technically
Eric Rosenbaum: I will circle up above the I will leave
Eric Rosenbaum: in the care of the others temporarily,
Eric Rosenbaum: and circle up above the trees briefly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so you see.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: You see that,
Timothy Sackton: tzo while you're resting, you hear in your mind, Denzel, i'm having the time of my life on the edge of the endless sea. There's islands that move and ken Khar rad as hell and evil sharks. I miss you, man, How are things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meanwhile
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: Azaric, you see from the top, so you can see this volcano in the distance. Um, that's sort of smoking behind you. Now, where the river lava is coming from
Timothy Sackton: ahead you can see what looks like. Ah, you know, maybe a couple of miles of just jungle, and then there's just This expanse of water, just like the jungle, is just completely flooded for
Timothy Sackton: two, three, four, five miles to up
Timothy Sackton: bank of mists and fog in the center,
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: the other side of the flooded jungle is where you seem to be heading.
Eric Rosenbaum: The flooding looks like
Eric Rosenbaum: like it was always that way. Or is that like new. Oh, no, it's new,
Eric Rosenbaum: so they're like trees coming out of it.
Timothy Sackton: The Apple Tree Canopy.
Eric Rosenbaum: How deep does it?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to judge from the air. I mean you sort of fly down, and you scout around a little bit. And um,
Timothy Sackton: it seems I mean there's trees that would normally be
Timothy Sackton: one hundred feet tall. The water comes halfway up
Timothy Sackton: right, so it's quite deep in places. It seems like there's like the land slopes down from the jungle into this sort of basin, and this whole basin has filled with water the flipper in itself.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: and it looks recent like the
Timothy Sackton: the you know the trees are not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not like a swamp. It's a what would normally be a regular jungle. But just water has come way up.
I
Eric Rosenbaum: transform back and record all of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely this will have a
Eric Rosenbaum: disrupted the lives of many
Eric Rosenbaum: creatures on that that live on the ground and in the trees
Eric Rosenbaum: encounter some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you both know of Mattua?
Timothy Sackton: I know nothing of more to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know nothing of the snake dogs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can anybody roll some some arkana like history checks just in case you guys know something
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, Does my character know about that stuff? I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you never know. Unless you roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can roll our religion Check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm going to roll it. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: well Kenza: Doesn't Kansas Doesn't know anything about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a
Timothy Sackton: So So you do know. So actually you would know a little bit of this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so you you haven't heard the name Motua before, but
Timothy Sackton: the geard or sorry Guidari
Timothy Sackton: are a
Timothy Sackton: at least according to Li Lizard folk myth and legend. So there's the There's the land of the dead, where all souls who die. Go. It's sort of the transition between
Timothy Sackton: the spirit realms and between the material plane and the realms of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: And that's the sort of barrier There's like the spirit realms that you can easily access, like the
Timothy Sackton: the dream world and these other other places. And then you get to the land of the dead, and to go beyond is to go into the realms of the gods, and that's like a much harder to transition beyond the
Timothy Sackton: like the plane of consciousness. All of this stuff is like below the land of the dead, and then beyond that is the outer planes. It's the realms of the gods and kind of the veil in between
Timothy Sackton: it's. It's a kind of veil. It's it's variously described as like a river of Souls, or the Land of the Dead, or you know a way station
Timothy Sackton: This place shows up in the mythology of almost every culture on Telgar
Timothy Sackton: and the Lizard. Folks speak of guardians that they call
Timothy Sackton: Gadari,
Timothy Sackton: who dwell in the land of the dad,
Timothy Sackton: and who
Timothy Sackton: watch over souls until they're acclaimed by the gods.
Timothy Sackton: So there is like a combination of like, you know
Timothy Sackton: the very men from Greek myth, but they're not really. You don't have to pay them a toll or anything. They're just.
Timothy Sackton: They're there, just
Timothy Sackton: you know, so no devil can swoop down and just claim all the souls they can harvest in one fell swoop.
Timothy Sackton: Right? They They make sure that everybody still ends up in the place that's supposed to go, and,
Timothy Sackton: you know,
Timothy Sackton: protect against
Timothy Sackton: ghosts and Hardings, and
Timothy Sackton: anything that might cause a soul to return as undead to the material plane like this is what in in myth This is what these
Timothy Sackton: these creatures are, therefore there to sort of protect
Timothy Sackton: there
Timothy Sackton: the exposed souls on their journey from any malevolent force that might
Timothy Sackton: that might interrupt their journey to their final destination?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do they serve the gods of the model?
Timothy Sackton: Neither
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so is so. What is one of these? Uh you already?
Timothy Sackton: I mean in lizard folk like mythology. They are creatures that keep the balance right. They don't serve the gods, because
Timothy Sackton: they are there to ensure that
Timothy Sackton: the sort of proper balance of
Timothy Sackton: you know the cycle of life is maintained,
Timothy Sackton: and they are supposedly
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: come from the
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: the like, the plane of of the like river of souls, the land of the dead, whatever it's called itself, they weren't created by
Timothy Sackton: anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wonder if there's a way we can reason with this with this serpent, and not have to do battle,
Eric Rosenbaum: and we learn that it takes it does take the former
right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look back at the river of Lava for a minute.
Does behave strangely like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its heat doesn't seem to affect things the way one might expect
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's from the elemental plan, is it not? This is not lava from the volcano. This is lava from another another dimension.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is it perhaps only part way in this one,
Eric Rosenbaum: like as you get closer to it? Does it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you feel the heat of it?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, if you get right up close to it. Yes, it does feel hot, but from a little further away
Timothy Sackton: no,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and like I take like a random piece of wood, and just like kind of skim it across the surface of a llama like what happens
Timothy Sackton: once it actually touches the lava, it bursts of the flames.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh!
Timothy Sackton: But the heat doesn't seem to
Timothy Sackton: when you can put your hand like you,
Timothy Sackton: six inches from the lava, and don't feel any heat, and it you go a little closer, and when you're like a couple inches away it starts to feel hot, and then like intensely hot, and you pull back before you can touch it. But there's a much steeper heat gradient than is natural,
Eric Rosenbaum: and make sure to keep the baby's little clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be submitted to any experiment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your audio is a little off. By the way, it's like a little quiet or a weird
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. Are you getting that, too? Eric's audio is like a little quieter, a little muffled. Suddenly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I i'm, i'm hearing it. Okay, Okay, All right. There's just
Eric Rosenbaum: I almost all the way up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's fine. I'm just kind of deaf
Eric Rosenbaum: it's. It's almost like
Eric Rosenbaum: not fully in this world
Eric Rosenbaum: like there's a boundary around it, or uh
Eric Rosenbaum: a zone
Eric Rosenbaum: into which it's intruded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a sharp edge around it, like where it
Eric Rosenbaum: can flow, and where it can't.
Timothy Sackton: I mean where it's flowing. It's burned everything in its path, so there is now a sharp edge. Whether there was a sharp edge before is difficult to say, and it's not changing. Is it the shape of No,
Timothy Sackton: no, it's not expanding
Timothy Sackton: out from its edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll have to cross all that water
Eric Rosenbaum: that will provide a challenge of its own as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can take that tornad on form again, but not for it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the the lake formed by this is
Timothy Sackton: so I
Timothy Sackton: It's I mean, Yeah, it's probably,
Timothy Sackton: you know, six or seven miles. It'd probably take you a couple of hours to play across it,
Eric Rosenbaum: which I can. I can't do what you can't do. Yeah,
um
won't,
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: two of us are capable swimmers, but I don't know about you can zone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, there's plenty of wood if you want to make a raft that should be too difficult. Is this water we're talking about here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, are we right next to it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's a few miles into the jungle it kind of like if it's water. I don't mean to be braggadocious, but um! I can walk on that
Eric Rosenbaum: you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's surprising.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of my bag of tricks.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'm certainly willing to swim. What about the babies? Can they swim
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: in a way? That's a question about like
Eric Rosenbaum: Lizard folk development on top,
Eric Rosenbaum: they should probably be able to swim from birth. Basically, Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it. I mean lizard for consume from birth,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? I can also always carry one
Eric Rosenbaum: the tricky bit. We'll just keep keeping an eye on them as we go,
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's like, How does it look like parenting? Actually work?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'll just have to keep, an
Timothy Sackton: should we proceed, then
Timothy Sackton: I mean, we'll want to keep an eye out for danger if you want, I can.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe when we approach the water I can
Timothy Sackton: help ensure that we remain stealthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have some magic capabilities in that along those lines
Timothy Sackton: I can. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: just to review out of game. We encountered a bunch of weird stuff coming down the log of flow, for like weird dinosaurs and stuff, and then we had to kill. I don't remember them Combat
Timothy Sackton: There was. There were some dinosaurs. Ch. There were two terror stores and a swimming in kylosaurus chasing the Fire Spirit,
Timothy Sackton: and you killed them,
Timothy Sackton: rescued the Fire Spirit. And
Timothy Sackton: then he sort of explained what he explained.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who knows what will I encounter coming out of the water
Eric Rosenbaum: to the left, I think. Still his wife.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Well, let's get closer, and then
Timothy Sackton: i'll see what I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: You did.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: moving through the jungle itself is not that difficult?
Timothy Sackton: And you're You're able to be pretty
Timothy Sackton: uh pretty stealthy.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it takes a cup an hour, maybe, to get to the edge of this lake
Timothy Sackton: the sort of flooded jungle, and you can see that the so you're You're sort of coming down off the slope, off a gentle slope off the side of the volcano into what used to be
Timothy Sackton: um a basin
Timothy Sackton: like a a low point in the ground,
Timothy Sackton: and you and now it's now it's like you're looking at a
Timothy Sackton: at just an expanse of of water that starts quite shallow. But as you look out you can see there it gets deeper and deeper because the the tops of the trees get lower, and the water gets higher relative to the tops of the trees.
Timothy Sackton: It's there's some mist, and and you know from the Pterosaurus goating that there is
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: more missed that the the of this thing, and actually from Kenzo is communing with the jungle, you can still actually feel the pull towards the middle of this
Timothy Sackton: of this jungle, the the sort of low point of this basin, where there's you can feel this kind of uh
Timothy Sackton: spiritual polls of some things. It almost now feels like something's tugging at
Timothy Sackton: at you at your
Timothy Sackton: key, trying to draw it in and absorb it
well.
Timothy Sackton: And as you prepared to set out onto the into this
Timothy Sackton: swamp
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in Ari, also like,
Timothy Sackton: reaches into his pouch, and and takes this sort of a very, very dark black dost
Timothy Sackton: flows it in. It forms this sort of cloud that clusters around you that shadows you and hides you from view. It's not invisibility, but it gives you a plus ten to stealth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sweet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: met again. I still can use speak with plants. So we think of a youth for speaking purple with plants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, when we get closer,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what what are the most intelligent plants that I've learned about that kind of has learned about in this like what are like the most intelligent plants I mean trees, the the taller and older a tree is, the more it's likely to have seen and remembered
Eric Rosenbaum: right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to talk with a tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can tell me something a lot more too long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just don't want to like I'm like i'm sure we could come with Kilma to in a combat
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was like, I want to figure out like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Maybe we just sacrifice the babies. You know what I mean. I don't know. You know it's like I got to be some way to like like. Not just like kill mo, too. You know what I mean, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It must be like a trade or a bargain. Something we can learn about him or something. He wants
the final
right.
Eric Rosenbaum: The babies are a puzzle because it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: none of us want to be there right
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, that's pretty fucked up, but it
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, hopefully, we don't have to trade them in. But
all right,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: him. Are there any um Actually, Actually, I ask um what? What's your character's name again? Here
Eric Rosenbaum: these are,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gizar. Did you notice any ancient trees when you flew any large trees near the near the footprint?
Eric Rosenbaum: I wasn't uh
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm looking for that in particular. But um,
Eric Rosenbaum: we can certainly keep an eye out for our big trees. But
yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there are definitely
Timothy Sackton: large, I mean. You can see, even from here that there is a
Timothy Sackton: you know there's a decent number of
Timothy Sackton: quite large trees
Timothy Sackton: like in as you go in through the jungle like There's
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: you can, you know. You'll see that like that, you know. There's the occasional tree and a lot of jungles that like there's a I for go through. Call emergence that stick up above the canopy right so you can see you can see those
Timothy Sackton: perfect. They are not common, but there is definitely some of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, if you don't mind, let's track towards one of those that's close to the booker
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tomorrow we already in the footprint. Are we like getting close to it?
Timothy Sackton: So I mean the the
Timothy Sackton: the you're starting to sort of swim and run out across the water.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: you know you're moving not super fast because you're trying to also be quiet and stealthy,
Timothy Sackton: and you know you're sort of traveling now. You know the first little bit is fairly shallow, and
Timothy Sackton: you can feel the land is kind of dropping down a little bit beneath you, but the level of the water is not changing,
Timothy Sackton: and so it's getting deeper as you go. But you still got maybe, you know, Miles, to go to get to the center of this
Timothy Sackton: this basin where the um where you think Motua is,
Timothy Sackton: and the
Timothy Sackton: you you know it's. It's the the footprint of the gods as describes this whole area. But this basin, this sort of central basin is
Timothy Sackton: clearly sort of the spiritual center of the place,
Timothy Sackton: but that's still some ways off. Oh, we haven't gotten to the base yet. I mean you're at the edge of it right? But it's it's It's it's almost like a giant crater like a gently sloping crater that goes down right? That's like fifteen miles across. And you're going from one edge.
Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any of these like big ancient trees like in the basin that are just like the sending out from the basin.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, yeah, Let's head I have like, just is there one like, is there like one that's like? Oh, that's the one There's like one big as one that's like, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a little bit more noticeable than the rest.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you pass a few that are,
Timothy Sackton: You mean, Yeah, there's definitely
Timothy Sackton: again. These emerging trees are fairly rare, right? But like every
Timothy Sackton: you know thousand feet or so you'll see one, and you you you one! You pass another, then you third one you come to after you've gone, maybe a little more than half a mile, you know, is
Timothy Sackton: really tall. Seems old like, Has all these vines drooping off of it like you can hear like almost like you can hear the sort of
Timothy Sackton: swaying of the upper branches that are, and that's sticking way above the water, because it's substantially taller than the canopy.
Perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go talk to that one, I say to my companions, is it all right if we take a stop at this tree?
Timothy Sackton: Sure,
Timothy Sackton: I don't mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you see? Oh, and this whole time literally, Kenza, strolling across the surface of the water just like he's just walking across the water at your pace, out of jogging when he needs to, or just kind of gliding across the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you see, Kenzo, you know again, like inside this i'm imagining this, you know. There, there's the basin, and then this massive tree, with these large, you know, rooted vines and stuff you know kind of from the bottom of the water like rolling up and Kenzo kind of hops onto
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of these big like giant root structures. That's kind of coming up from the bottom of this this huge tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, kind of pauses and looks up at the tree, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it gives a deep deep out of the tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you know for a moment just puts his hand on the tree. Not not, you know, doing anything yet, but just just to slow himself down and get down to the pace of the tree, feeling the rhythm of the tree
the way the tree breathes, the way the tree moves,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting himself down to that pace, and if you could feel Kenzo's heartbeat, you could feel his heartbeat slowly getting slower and slower and slower as he stands
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slowly, slowly tuning into the frequency and the
the slowness of this tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then, once he feels that he's gotten himself into kind of a syncopation with the tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he takes his staff,
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without even just knows exactly where to place it, and like slowly, like inserts the staff,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it almost disappears the bottom of the staff into kind of a rooted little little little kind of dark area, and then it sticks then, and then all of a sudden, the runes that are present on the bottom of the staff start to light up and shoot up the staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all the way to Kenza's hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It starts pulsing this blue light,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenza's eyes start to kind of pulsing in this blue light as he sits
and is ready to speak with the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We here this slow
Timothy Sackton: Hello!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Greetings, ancient one!
Timothy Sackton: I have a voice,
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am Tenzo,
monk of the Awakened soul,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: servants
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to peace and harmony in nature.
Timothy Sackton: I am Tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an honor to speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: It is strange
Timothy Sackton: to speak with you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are most wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know that you see and feel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everything around you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can you tell me of Motua,
the snake,
Timothy Sackton: the snakes!
Timothy Sackton: They have gone.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing eats my fruit Now
Timothy Sackton: my roots are wet.
Timothy Sackton: Even that
Timothy Sackton: birds
Timothy Sackton: and the dinosaurs
Timothy Sackton: seem to have
flown out of my hair.
Timothy Sackton: It is quiet.
Timothy Sackton: There is something in the water, though.
Timothy Sackton: Can you feel that the current
Timothy Sackton: grows stronger every day?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know the great snake Batua,
who is here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's the reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is the reason for this disharmony for this disturbance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I do not know that name. What manner of creature is a motua,
a great snake,
a giant snake,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I send it just images of of I. I send it like kind of visual images of like the D, the fly over like what we perceive and know of the area, and I send it also like images of what we have seen with the lava and the fire,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I send it images of of the snake.
Timothy Sackton: These are not
Timothy Sackton: natural things
Timothy Sackton: the jungle is hurting.
It is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but whoa must
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be removed, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it must go home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope not to kill it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to fight it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps he can be reasoned with,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I need to learn more about it.
Timothy Sackton: You should speak with my children.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are your children?
Timothy Sackton: My daughter lived near here once.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what has happened to her in this water.
Timothy Sackton: She was a
Timothy Sackton: she was home to a spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Allua.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if a Lua could survive.
Timothy Sackton: She was not a tall tree
Timothy Sackton: not like me.
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen her floating past. I have not felt her
Timothy Sackton: death, but
Timothy Sackton: if this water comes higher
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: rod our roots,
Timothy Sackton: and if the current grows stronger it will
Timothy Sackton: tip us over and brown us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you show me your children just as I've shown you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm asking them to send me a picture of them
visual image
Timothy Sackton: he uh
Timothy Sackton: reaches into your mind, and you feel,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: strong and
Timothy Sackton: ah, and stiff, and
Timothy Sackton: taste floods in your mouth of an earthiness, but also this
Timothy Sackton: bright,
Timothy Sackton: sweet
Timothy Sackton: sort of clear,
Timothy Sackton: almost like sparkling water, but
Timothy Sackton: swirling with flavors, fruits, and honey and nectar.
Timothy Sackton: She did love the sun.
Timothy Sackton: You've not seen much of it these days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. You have other children,
Timothy Sackton: only those
Timothy Sackton: only those that give homes to the spirits of the jungle. Do I remember
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many others,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and how can I find them?
Timothy Sackton: There are no others who are
Timothy Sackton: inhabited so as to how to find them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of stops for a minute,
Timothy Sackton: and you can feel this. This uh
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like there's a sort of warmth in your toes, and you feel uh
Timothy Sackton: it's a sensation that you would have a hard time putting words to It's like you. Almost. It almost is like a a like a new mommy taste, but sort of working its way up from your feet into your legs,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love it.
Timothy Sackton: Follow
here.
Timothy Sackton: Follow her trail
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's an honor to speak with. You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know that myself and my companions we work to bring harmony,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this basin
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blessings gratitude,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and may
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the snakes return! May the birds return,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: harmony and order be restored,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that you may continue to flourish and grow
with your family.
Timothy Sackton: I hope such things come to pass,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so bows deeply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pulls the staff from uh from the roots. You need to do something. There's like a way to like like, uh, actually, yeah, you know um, and as as kind of as actually now. Here it is as the as the the. The The tree is still rooted inside is still connected to the tree. Um kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um takes takes a uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh, you know his his knife from the um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from his pouch, and starts to carve like a small symbol like a small little little etch of the tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then grabs uh, you know, takes a little bit of like the moss, or some of the green in that's just flying around, and then, like kind of takes it and presses it against the the staff, and just holds it there, and just makes a prayer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like while still connected to the tree. And you know, kind of putting his blood. Like as he was sharing his blessing he was, he was holding that one spot, and just, you know, an honor and an honor and
uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gratitude to the truth,
Eric Rosenbaum: if you find an interesting enough. True,
Eric Rosenbaum: you, my collected story for the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's that's what I he's doing. He's, c. That that's the That's why he's carving a little a little uh every person that he carves a little thing, for he'll carve a little a little. And actually, you know, even for this to um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, anyways, i'm not going to carve the tree, of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you have? By the way, does the seeker have like speak with Earth?
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh? Nothing quite like that exist that I know you should get that as an ability before you leave the say. Well, because like this, just what what's happening right now like like speak with random shit is like such a cool like. It's like this opens up these like like creative dimensions for the role playing that, like you know, it's like, speak with mounted. You know what I mean, and then you can talk to it, and then it can tell you cool, shit, and like you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: I I love that we may have to home through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should home through the fuck out of that. That's like a perfect thing to home ruin fay wild in the F A while, too, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I mean um. We've done part one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's some craziness that happened
Eric Rosenbaum: that uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, that idea could be involved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm saying, Speak with Earth.
Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. So, Tim, I uh, I I explain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I explained briefly to my companions what I learned from the tree and um dude. I follow the the you, mommy, and my feet. Where is the you mommy leading me?
Timothy Sackton: Uh? So you? It takes you a little bit of time to sort of get a
Timothy Sackton: sense of
Timothy Sackton: like even how to perceive this, that it's trying to communicate to you, and it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: so you sort of can follow. After a little while you can sort of follow, you know. You get a sense where you can sort of follow
Timothy Sackton: where this sensation is weaker, and where it's stronger,
Timothy Sackton: it seems to be running in towards the middle of the
Timothy Sackton: of the um.
Timothy Sackton: What did John call you? Just follow it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're going there, anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, Kenzo talks to the tree. These are will
Eric Rosenbaum: dive to scout under the water to see if there's anything to be seen.
Timothy Sackton: Uh:
Timothy Sackton: okay, so make a perception check. I think.
Timothy Sackton: So You dive down, and I mean you can see the bottom of the jungle. It's
Timothy Sackton: two things that you notice. One is that it's strangely.
Timothy Sackton: The water is mostly empty, like there's not a bunch of fish around. There's not
Timothy Sackton: um. It's not full of life. This is not, you know this is not the the river outside pedest right? When when that river floods you it does seasonally flood right? But There's hundreds of fish swimming around. There's like, you know, tons of life in it. This is
Timothy Sackton: strange and cold,
Timothy Sackton: and as you get deeper down you can feel a current
Timothy Sackton: that seems to be pulling you. It's stronger at the bottom than the top of the water,
Timothy Sackton: and it's pulling
Timothy Sackton: in. It's pulling towards the
Timothy Sackton: Ah, center of this
Timothy Sackton: basin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just strange, because is there water flowing in from somewhere?
Eric Rosenbaum: Could there be a current?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The giant snake doing circles
Eric Rosenbaum: something like that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portal to another dimension,
Eric Rosenbaum: and then there's no there's no sign that the surface that the water is flowing. It's just at the bottom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we see any like drowned animals floating around.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: There probably are a few actually
Timothy Sackton: tape. Pierre drifts by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your
Timothy Sackton: a tape here
Timothy Sackton: like a
Eric Rosenbaum: the general mammal jungle Mammal,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: So you're just. You're all following, Ken, though.
Timothy Sackton: So as you walk
Timothy Sackton: the two swimmers. Now you go. You go maybe a mile, sort of zigging and zagging, following
Timothy Sackton: um where Kansas is going and you can. You can feel now the current is starting to be
Timothy Sackton: intense enough that it takes some concentration to avoid,
Timothy Sackton: you know, to keep swimming where you want to be swimming and not be pulled. You're sort of going a little bit, say southwest, and the currents pulling you due west is requiring a little bit of concentration to avoid getting
Timothy Sackton: pulled off. Course, kenzo at the top of the letter doesn't you don't feel this
Timothy Sackton: um, and again it's. It's not disturbing the top of the water. It's like a it's like a flow below. You can just sort of feel it a little bit as you're swimming sort of pulling at your tails mostly, and your bottom legs
Timothy Sackton: the babies you occasionally Mostly you occasionally notice the babies are sort of weak zoomers, you that occasionally have to like, grab one and pull it back to you and redirect it. You start keeping them on one side of you, and they'll like bump into you every now and then, as they get slightly pushed by this current.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo, you see this. What you can. Sense is the source of this
Timothy Sackton: sensation. There is a tree that's you know. Maybe,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: the water comes up almost to the top of the tree.
Timothy Sackton: You're now about halfway
Timothy Sackton: across, and in a deeper part of the basin,
Timothy Sackton: and only the like top. Half of the like top cluster of branches is exposed from this tree.
Uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I it, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shut off my logical mind, and allow all my feeling sensations to be as open as possible, and see what I feel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when I get closer.
Timothy Sackton: What are the rest of you doing
Timothy Sackton: for what is
Timothy Sackton: is our doing? Is our
Eric Rosenbaum: I will
Eric Rosenbaum: perched the babies
Eric Rosenbaum: a branch of the tree
Eric Rosenbaum: and dive down.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were the baby's names again? Do you remember I made them up last to know that they wrote it down?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Zan and Zach something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um. So you dive down, Kenza, You're kind of waiting um in Our is just kind of keeping it an eye around.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear
Timothy Sackton: this this voice?
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: a sort of
Timothy Sackton: hold on one Sec. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Where is this
Timothy Sackton: sorry guys? Give me a second here?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And the voice says
Timothy Sackton: quietly,
Timothy Sackton: Crucial
Timothy Sackton: Kaiser,
Timothy Sackton: you've returned,
Timothy Sackton: and you see kind of climbing out of the top of the branches. A
Timothy Sackton: a woman,
Timothy Sackton: a sort of
Timothy Sackton: vaguely tree-like woman.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Her skin looks kind of bark like you can see the sort of, and her hair is
Timothy Sackton: like flowing down like this, but it's all leaves.
Timothy Sackton: Her clothes are she's wearing like a gown, a waterlogged gown made entirely of leaves.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Her!
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Her face is greenish, her entire, all of the skin you can see is sort of a faint, pale green. Her eyes are deep brown,
Timothy Sackton: and she is dripping as she climbs to the top of this tree and looks at the two babies.
Timothy Sackton: It's too dangerous. It's too soon for you to come back.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here?
Timothy Sackton: Addressing the babies?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They didn't say anything. Did the tree say the name of the daughter?
Timothy Sackton: Allua
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas says Allua,
Timothy Sackton: Who are you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and my Salsa a little bit?
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: She is
Timothy Sackton: surprised and
Timothy Sackton: cautious.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: she's! She's clearly connected to this tree in some sort of deep way.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: like this tree is part of her, and she is part of the tree, and you can feel the sort of spiritual links between the tree and her.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you again. Who are you?
Timothy Sackton: You are not from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm Kenzo, monk of the wagon soul,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: communes with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I leave for your parents, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so like points that like takes a step out and points out the etching, and he drew a tree.
Timothy Sackton: Wait!
Timothy Sackton: How did you
Timothy Sackton: speak to him?
Timothy Sackton: You are a strange human,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so, as he's walking on water,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm aware.
But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let me explain, my companions and I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: along with the babies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're here because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we know of Motua.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know of the great disturbance that Motu has gone,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we're here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to seek peace to seek order
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to bring order,
Timothy Sackton: and you brought two babies here.
Timothy Sackton: Langau took them away specifically to keep them safe till this could be dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will defer to um
Timothy Sackton: is our who is underwater
Timothy Sackton: scouting the base of the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! He's our. Do you know he's our he's ours the one with the babies. This isn't actually not my responsibility. The babies um! He's our we'll be back in a moment. He's our
Timothy Sackton: um, make our wisdoms, make our wisdom saving through kids out me the fuck. He's our us fucking. Come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's so hard to get a good babysitting these days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seventeen,
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Um! He's all right. She looks frustrated.
Timothy Sackton: You would just let two babies
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first of all the babies are not my responsibility. Where? Where's the other lizard phone? Where's Where's uh uh he's like he's like sw swam off to do a perimeter around to make sure there was. No, it was just me the fucking two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well, yeah, because last time you like had this whole like meditative, deep block. Slow address, right? You seemed like you were like totally in touch with nature, but like where the babies also, just like floating around near me like wouldn't. You have taken the babies with you on the scouting thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, last time I did, but this time I wanted to scout down under the water. So I just left him back. Okay, Going switching to his arm for a moment. Make a perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, three
Timothy Sackton: uh. So the current is much stronger, and you can see that the roots of this tree. This tree is like slightly tilted like it's sort of almost
Timothy Sackton: being pushed over. The roots are starting to come up from the soft, muddy soil. And it looks it's not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean It's not an imminent danger of falling over in the next minute or two, but it's definitely starting to be disrupted.
Eric Rosenbaum: And as you're searching around
Timothy Sackton: the uh
Timothy Sackton: that, the
Timothy Sackton: three spirit um elujah looks back at Kenzo and says,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know about you.
Timothy Sackton: You're coming from.
Timothy Sackton: You say you want peace and to help us, and yet you disavow responsibility for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these two beautiful babies sitting right here in front of you, my friends Ezar and God. What the fucker names I keep looking at. The Ezar and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hezar and Anari are my two. The Lizard Folk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: companions will be back any moment. Esther. Do you know Ezar is the one who was given the babies? That's all I know. I come from the far Far West, and do not know the babies until two days until yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you seem to be
Timothy Sackton: really a charming babysitter, and I am glad that you are
Timothy Sackton: here to protect
Timothy Sackton: the children of Lingau, the guardian of the forest
here.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know that they were the children of Langau, but I have so only because they're in part and babies they're worth protecting. If they were unintorted babies you just let them drown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm protecting them, no matter what we just like. Do you see how damaged I am right now? This is all from protecting them earlier
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was fucking. He's our back. Yet what the fuck. What is ours? Back? These are pops his head up. In the middle of this conversation. Esar, guardian of the babies, will you please please meet my new friend Alara, and please explain the baby situation to her. Please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonderful to meet you All right, if you'll. If you'll forgive me, they might need a snack.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just
Eric Rosenbaum: put them on my back once again,
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I dig out something from my pouch here just a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they seem to like him,
Timothy Sackton: she says, directed at Kenzel
Eric Rosenbaum: like pulling out some dresshappers.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't
Eric Rosenbaum: you can all do. Come by
Timothy Sackton: Khrushchev.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh!
Eric Rosenbaum: I tell the story of the
Eric Rosenbaum: talking jaguar who gave them
Eric Rosenbaum: to me as a mission
Timothy Sackton: He,
Timothy Sackton: laying out, told you to bring them here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I
Eric Rosenbaum: did. I know the jaguars name? No, no,
Eric Rosenbaum: so I didn't know
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what that was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is this lingo
Timothy Sackton: You don't know
Timothy Sackton: foolish mortals,
Timothy Sackton: the guardian of the jungle lingo a shapeshifter
Timothy Sackton: he watches over
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: as to Lakua,
Timothy Sackton: here
Timothy Sackton: protects this place. He keeps the
Timothy Sackton: strange influences that may creep across the boundaries between realms
Timothy Sackton: contained,
Timothy Sackton: but he has fallen silent.
Timothy Sackton: He has not been seen. I have not heard of him. None of us have heard of from him
Timothy Sackton: a long time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it seems I
Eric Rosenbaum: more recently
Eric Rosenbaum: pasted me this favor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take these two littles
Eric Rosenbaum: here to the footprint.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that a? But then, to do them I didn't know.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you are needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does all of this have to do with notua
Timothy Sackton: motua
Timothy Sackton: creature destroying the land.
Yes,
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen them,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: follow the current. You will be sucked into the vortex,
Timothy Sackton: and if you can get to the other side you will be face to face with the
Timothy Sackton: great worm, Motua.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean by the other side.
Timothy Sackton: Do you feel the current?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's stronger.
Timothy Sackton: The water
Timothy Sackton: brands
to
Timothy Sackton: elsewhere
Timothy Sackton: do not know quite where,
Timothy Sackton: and as it pours out of this realm there is a great vortex,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we stopped the vortex,
Timothy Sackton: and you
Timothy Sackton: close gates between planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't see. Why not? How do we do it?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. How do you do it?
Timothy Sackton: I've never done it.
Timothy Sackton: That's what
Timothy Sackton: then? Gao is for?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's L? Go
Timothy Sackton: driven off by Motu, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: But why would he send me here with these two little bands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you say that they were his children?
Timothy Sackton: They are there.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: The wards of this place.
Timothy Sackton: They are
Timothy Sackton: every
Timothy Sackton: season. Every
Timothy Sackton: as time passes every generation,
Timothy Sackton: new
Timothy Sackton: guardians are born, and as when they are young, they are
Timothy Sackton: blessed with the spirits of all of us who dwell in this land, and their form is unfixed,
Timothy Sackton: and many of them are
Timothy Sackton: cared for by
Timothy Sackton: dryads or a semi-na, or
Timothy Sackton: the birds and the
Timothy Sackton: monkeys and the snakes, and even the spiders and worms
Timothy Sackton: this land, and take on the form of those they love.
Timothy Sackton: And every once in a while, when Langau grows old and tired,
Timothy Sackton: one of these spirits will become him reborn.
Timothy Sackton: They must have taken on
Timothy Sackton: this form
Timothy Sackton: because they care for you
Timothy Sackton: whether they will stay this way
Timothy Sackton: or choose something else, I guess, is up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're saying they're not listed for babies at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're also
Timothy Sackton: it could become such if you, and they so choose
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um. They also can close the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: You think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If they are lang out
Eric Rosenbaum: it sounds like they might become him.
He passes.
Timothy Sackton: They are not laying out yet.
Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When will they become linger?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know this is a
Timothy Sackton: I am not a
Eric Rosenbaum: I live in a tree, and I protect them.
Timothy Sackton: Protect this
Timothy Sackton: place. I am not a
Timothy Sackton: scholar of the metaphysical arts,
Eric Rosenbaum: so it this person that we're talking to.
Eric Rosenbaum: She is
Eric Rosenbaum: green-skinned, leaf-haired
Eric Rosenbaum: is the kind of spirit of the tree that we're in.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, for some reason, the previous treatment that Kansas talked to
Eric Rosenbaum: was just a treat
Eric Rosenbaum: that this tree has an embodied spirit.
Timothy Sackton: This, yes, the sense you get is that most of the trees are just trees, but some of them,
Timothy Sackton: How is these spirits and the ones that how, as these spirits are like,
Timothy Sackton: have some more,
Timothy Sackton: something more to them. And so they make an impression that
Eric Rosenbaum: I missed that your roots are pulling up on them
Eric Rosenbaum: being pulled by the current,
Eric Rosenbaum: they may be in some danger,
Timothy Sackton: i'm. Sure. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: the current is bad, but what can I do about it?
Timothy Sackton: I can't leave my home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's stay focused here, for we're. I think we're on the right thread here, because we all want this vortex closed. We all want the balance restored, and it seems as though these young links are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somehow connected to this puzzle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how can we find
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Langow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil, just like looks at the babies like like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with this newfound, just understanding of what they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Kenza just goes totally like into like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this class I teach uh ancient future technology. We have the speaker who's indigenous guy from Micronesia. Talk about Kilo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kilo in Micronesia is the indigenous art of listening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they go, and they just listen to the ocean. They sit, and they Their form of listening. Is this like intuitive feeling of like the ocean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo goes into that state like as deeply as he can, and just communes with these two lizard babies, and is just sitting there,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and i'll. I'll spend some key doing this, too, and just just just is really trying to understand and be and listen to these babies like really like. Listen with like every like, you know, sole particle
Timothy Sackton: sorry. I just have to say completely, randomly, out of game. Do you? Do you know this guy? You know Fox,
Timothy Sackton: he's a I don't know him personally. He's a native Hawaiian geneticist. He's thought a ton about the role of
Timothy Sackton: genetics as like way finding in a Polynesian sense,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I i'm very.
Timothy Sackton: But when you just said that it made me think you might appreciate some of what it's written by putting this web page in the zoom chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you. Amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ooh! Cool. I don't know him, but i'm sure our destinies are meant to cross at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Sorry back to the game. I just came across something he had written about,
Timothy Sackton: he uh about
Timothy Sackton: being one of the first native Hawaiians to work on Polynesian genomes and thinking about history
Timothy Sackton: like in a very sort of deep way about what does it mean that our
Timothy Sackton: have native Hawaiians interpreting Hawaiian history from a genetic point of view. That's amazing. And I thought you might find that interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome. Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very, very. Um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as you as you focus on these two
Timothy Sackton: these two babies, they they look, They go quiet for a minute, like peak out from Esar's shoulder, where they've been. Sort of having their snacks.
Timothy Sackton: They sort of look at you shyly,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you you have this feeling that so as you, as you're sort of concentrating on them like trying to
Timothy Sackton: understand them,
Timothy Sackton: you have this feeling that they are.
Timothy Sackton: They are, they are everything they have, like Their souls, are
Timothy Sackton: just constantly kind of expanding and and shifting and sort of reaching a, you know
Timothy Sackton: changing.
Timothy Sackton: But there,
Timothy Sackton: you know, you can see there's this connection that's starting to grow
Timothy Sackton: between them. And these are, and that's that sort of holds their form right is like as they
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But there's clearly more power in them than is
Timothy Sackton: They're not just lizard. They're not just baby lizard from great. There is some power in them, some connection to this Langau creature, some
Timothy Sackton: untapped potential.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that infinite power,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know the answer. But somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the destiny of these two young things is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beyond any of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yet,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, did I get a sense that if they lost the connection with Esar that they would like die, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what? Or is it using that connection would allow them to
Timothy Sackton: to be even more powerful or no? No, no, they're not powerful. They are linked to something powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Losing the connection to Esar Wouldn't would just let them change into something else. It it's not the sense that there is not like they're being constrained by this connection. It's that. Okay. Um,
Timothy Sackton: it's that there's some depth that there's something else that leads away from them like some
Timothy Sackton: deepness that extends like many, many echoes. But it's not being held back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how do you remember how that earlier Kenzo, like went to the dream world like went to the plane of soul. How do I get there again?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, that was like some ritual that
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: what was his name? Um, that was our yeah, the Lizard, though. Good. Yeah, there's not an easy way for you to get there on your own
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tanza. Looks at um, Eilora.
Timothy Sackton: Um, Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: the the dried,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the dryad. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you take us to the plane of souls?
Timothy Sackton: Ha! Now, um!
Timothy Sackton: Can you keep my tree from falling down?
Timothy Sackton: But if this Motua creature would go away, I'm sure Lingua would come back, and all this could be fixed.
Timothy Sackton: Can't you just get rid of Motua
Timothy Sackton: or do something.
Timothy Sackton: They've been thrashing around like a
Timothy Sackton: chained beast for a year now,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand. But I think if you could help us get to the plan of souls
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there may be a non-violent way of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealing with this problem
Eric Rosenbaum: is no to it chained up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I don't, know they seem to
Timothy Sackton: be in pain, though
Eric Rosenbaum: you can feel it occasionally. The
Timothy Sackton: almost sounds like
Timothy Sackton: chains rattling and screams
Timothy Sackton: very unsettling,
Eric Rosenbaum: so you can take a this tree.
That's it.
Timothy Sackton: No, I I I can't take you to the plane of souls. I I wouldn't even know the first thing about getting there. I I I
Timothy Sackton: i'm a spirit who lives in a tree. What do you take me for,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saskatchewan? Curious, you're magical, more magical than us,
Timothy Sackton: and you can walk on water and speak to my
no.
Timothy Sackton: The tree from which my home came.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I can do the second one I can't walk on water
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is what was your question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do you travel from here to
Eric Rosenbaum: it is another part of the
Eric Rosenbaum: you've been disabled to it yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you know these things about them?
Timothy Sackton: Just listen.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel it in the water,
Timothy Sackton: the echoes
Timothy Sackton: of their pain.
Timothy Sackton: It's becoming harder, though, as the
Timothy Sackton: vortex grows,
Timothy Sackton: just Don't get sucked into the plane of water. If you go to confront Motua?
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we might
Eric Rosenbaum: you to deposit the little ones here with you,
Eric Rosenbaum: since keeping to
it will be dangerous where we're going.
Timothy Sackton: I I would be happy to.
If
Timothy Sackton: then I told you to take them with you. I wouldn't
Timothy Sackton: not do that, though.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful
exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll have to do our best to protect them. Only way,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Kens with thanks to Laura,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so gives thanks to Luha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looks at the Lizard fog, and It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying to fact. Figure out a peaceful way to do this. But clearly we gotta go kill a snake and or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pull out like a giant thorn that's in the snake side or something. But we need to go through the vortex.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I get the sense that the snake is trapped somewhere.
Chapter two
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a wound, maybe that we need to fix stuck.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you saw you saw that that that Motua was wounded in the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you describe to me again with what what I what K. I saw in the dream world? Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: All you saw was a
Timothy Sackton: You saw this like giant sort of serpent-like creature,
Timothy Sackton: with like a gap like a a wound that was like sort of leaking this sort of black shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did the one look like,
Timothy Sackton: just like a a
Timothy Sackton: like a long, jagged cut like somebody had
Timothy Sackton: slice this thing with a sword or a
Timothy Sackton: axe or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go to the vortex.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we follow the current.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's easy to follow the current. Yeah, um, and a is like it's like, i'm a strong swimmer. I'm going to go in front like the only one who has the strength higher than eight, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And it's It's now like you're trying to slow yourself down as you approach um, and you can start to see now the the um,
Timothy Sackton: so you can see like in the distance. There's like uh you know those um
Timothy Sackton: like a giant whirlpool. But basically um, but it's like if you've ever seen these those pictures of like
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: lakes behind dams where there's a drain from the dam under the water, and it's just this like clear surface. Then there's just this lake.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, massive,
Timothy Sackton: We're all sort of like,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know. Uh
Timothy Sackton: uh here,
Timothy Sackton: Um,
we
Timothy Sackton: right. It looks like this. I'm putting this in chat
Timothy Sackton: right. It's just this like whole that water drops away from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually know where that is. That's in California.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool. Let's go in.
Timothy Sackton: Wait. You want to swim into the whirlpool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that where the vortex is?
Eric Rosenbaum: I had some dangerous
Timothy Sackton: uh That's where the that's where the portal to the elemental plane of water is. Uh two is on the other side of the port of the World Pool.
Timothy Sackton: What's the like? There's like mists and fog on the other side of the world, like if you can somehow manage to get around it. There's like mist and fog on the other side. There's another side, as in like through the pool right right right? Right? Right? Sorry
Timothy Sackton: All good, all right, but the current is now getting pretty strong,
Timothy Sackton: like. If you get any closer you risk getting swept into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we uh swim around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cincinnati like. Run around it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can try. I can kind of take his ring of jumping and just like literally like jump,
Timothy Sackton: jump across like, Yeah, I mean when you're running on what are right, like It's more, it's more like you can't. If you just stop moving, you start to think right. It's like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah, no. But ring of jumping,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because the way I imagine Kenzo like running on water, it's like, if it's still water, he can stand on it. But if it's like rising water, then he's got to move with it, you know, fast and going the current this way. Then he's just gonna like jump
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like he'll jump, jump, jump, you know, like even if it's like jumping on like a like a like a conveyor belt, you know, like at the airport, you know. He can just jump that way, you know. After that acrobatics check. Oh, yeah, give me some acrobatics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go acrobatics
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nineteen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So you run you you start to like, jump. You get um. You get park, you know, maybe a third of the way around it without any trouble. Um, what is um in our is just going to make an attempt to swim.
Timothy Sackton: Uh.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that will be athletics.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: He's got a good O, okay. He is totally fine. He swims
Timothy Sackton: about a third of the way around. And what are you doing? These are?
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just looking at wild shape to see if I should turn into a fish or something. But
Eric Rosenbaum: oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: I can simply try to swim wider,
Eric Rosenbaum: just going to backtrack a little bit, if necessary, to make it a larger
Eric Rosenbaum: radius.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a athletics, Jack.
Timothy Sackton: Uh you. You like start to swim,
Timothy Sackton: but as you sort of try and angle back, the current seems to be getting stronger, and you feel yourself getting pulled. You make
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: you make no progress, and are starting to be pulled closer to the
Timothy Sackton: to the vortex, and you take um
Timothy Sackton: eleven points of bludgeoning damage as the water begins to constrict around you.
Timothy Sackton: Uh Kenzel, you're still going to try and run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it seem harder?
Timothy Sackton: No: yeah. Jump. Make another acrobatics, Jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seventeen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: You're jumping uh you make it a rat about another third of the way around. So you're two-thirds of the way around. Um, but you uh you slip
Timothy Sackton: halfway and you
Timothy Sackton: fall
Timothy Sackton: and the water begins to pull you under
Timothy Sackton: um enar is going to, you know, is going to transform after you
Timothy Sackton: and swims um catches up to you and grabs onto your leg before you can be uh! Swept out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: these are What are you doing?
Timothy Sackton: We need slightly more tense music here. All done.
Timothy Sackton: You are now being slowly pulled towards the vortex, and it feels like the water is constricting around your legs, but your head and your arms are still above water.
Timothy Sackton: Tenzo, you are! You fell prone, and so you are now swimming,
Timothy Sackton: but Enar has got you uh sorry Anari's got you grabbed, and you are not being currently dragged any closer
Timothy Sackton: in. Aari is now like struggling against the current.
Timothy Sackton: But it is. These are up up first to see what you're going to do.
This
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just about what's different to actually do wild shape and polymorph. Wild chip lasts a lot longer.
Timothy Sackton: Wild chain only lets you turn into uh
Timothy Sackton: creatures up to cr one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: so you can't turn it into like a flying dinosaur, or anything like that. But you could turn into a
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking there's a lot of
Eric Rosenbaum: by salmon looks again. It swings upstream like a
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So some good swimming fish that's fine or like, you know, any sort of thing that
Eric Rosenbaum: anything that's not like a big, powerful combat. Monster: Yeah, we'll sand and jump up waterfalls.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: they could swim against a stronger
Eric Rosenbaum: on
Eric Rosenbaum: include their babies as well, so i'll change it into. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: it's called large salmon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So these are in the and the two babies vanished, and the salmon uh appears,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: just for a roller D twenty plus
Timothy Sackton: eight,
Eric Rosenbaum: and you swim
Timothy Sackton: um a good distance the way you are Now
Timothy Sackton: You're now about a third of the way around
Timothy Sackton: um in our and Kans. Our in our inkens are a bit ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, Kenza, What are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! Can I get out and run again?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, you know, just stand up overwhelming.
Timothy Sackton: That's an interesting question. I don't think you can really just stand up
Timothy Sackton: right. So the idea! The idea is you're sort of once you're moving. You're moving. But you
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: could you just stand up,
Timothy Sackton: make an acrobatics? Check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: twenty?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, i'll say, like as your as your um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, being pulled down. You know it sort of gives you a boost,
Timothy Sackton: and like pushes you up. Ah, the water kind of reaches out to try and grab you, and you take
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: you take ten points of bludgeoning damage, but you manage to to get moving a little bit away from the vortex.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And now you can see, like the close you get to the vortex. You can see that there's these like,
Timothy Sackton: for, like almost like arms, tentacles reaching out of the water trying to grab you and pull you in.
Timothy Sackton: Um Anari is going to keep attempting to swim
Timothy Sackton: uh as a plus twelve athletic. So Oh, No, you know, already gets pulled.
Timothy Sackton: He takes six points of damage and starts to get poems
Timothy Sackton: now
Timothy Sackton: closer to the vortex, and, like more tentacles, are now starting to on him.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, let's see, Ken, Is it two?
Timothy Sackton: Ah is our
Timothy Sackton: continue to swim?
Timothy Sackton: Another d twenty plus eight.
Timothy Sackton: You make it to the shore to the other. You cross into the mists,
Timothy Sackton: and you, like suddenly find yourself on dry land,
Timothy Sackton: like the instant you pass into this sort of misty area on the other side of the vortex.
Timothy Sackton: The water is gone.
Timothy Sackton: You can't tell if it's an island or just
Timothy Sackton: something strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some baby sounds. I gotta go check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Uh:
Timothy Sackton: continue to try and run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice twenty-six.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, You make it to the other side
Timothy Sackton: also, as you step across like, you step into it. It's almost like a wall of mist,
Timothy Sackton: and as you step into the wall of the mist you see
Timothy Sackton: um! The water is just is just gone.
Timothy Sackton: You're on
Timothy Sackton: uh, You're on dry land. You're on
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Where is my image?
Timothy Sackton: Nope, not that
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and i'll just say for simplicity. Over here we go. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you're in this. You can see now as you step onto this side this this kind of Oh, that wasn't
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: uh! Well, whatever that's close enough. This this kind of everything's foggy and misty and bright green. Um! And there is, uh
Timothy Sackton: your visibility is super low,
Timothy Sackton: everything is suddenly quiet,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: kind of
Timothy Sackton: passing through the mist
Timothy Sackton: uh like occasionally you'll just hear or see, like like uh,
Timothy Sackton: a brief glimpse of
Timothy Sackton: it. It almost looks like feathers
Timothy Sackton: like there's some
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: you know some. It's it's hard to describe like It's like It's just this like quick,
Timothy Sackton: like almost a large feathered, slithery thing moving in the distance.
Well, to that
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, this was actually what I was doing.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And everything is super quiet, and nothing seems to be moving.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go,
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm no one grayfish, because
all
Eric Rosenbaum: the babies
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: around kind of puzzled
Eric Rosenbaum: back behind us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we see the water.
Timothy Sackton: There's just mists behind you.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see through the fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange place that we're in!
Eric Rosenbaum: He
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! What are their life forms around?
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: Very little
Eric Rosenbaum: is um
Eric Rosenbaum: locate animals or plants
Eric Rosenbaum: likely to be able to detect
Eric Rosenbaum: this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a snake-like, but not
this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you don't really know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tend to just stand up in Shadow two at the top of my lungs
Timothy Sackton: could give it a try.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can keep walking like the
Timothy Sackton: you know. You can walk deeper into the jungle if you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, we should we should um
Timothy Sackton: what it will remember. Time, though, is the feathery thing that we saw was something we saw in the distance. He said One more time what it was. Yeah, it's like. Occasionally you just see, flashes it almost as if
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like it passes past your eye like almost too quick to see like you always just see it out of the corner of your eye just like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: feather. A
Timothy Sackton: thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas is just like what the fuck are we doing here? He, like slams his staff into the center. Are we in a clearing?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: not really. No, I mean You're in sort of uh, I mean you can walk into the jungle a little bit. It's, but it's dense. This is like dense for us.
Timothy Sackton: There's, you know, not a ton of growth in the understory right, because most of the life is up the canopy, but it's still like everything is misty. There's very low visibility.
Timothy Sackton: You'll see like a tree looming in front of you from fifteen feet away, and not have noticed it before,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so like the background that you have It's not like that. Actually, it's not like a kind of an open.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: well, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's not super open. I mean, there's There's open. It's, not. It's not like a clearing. There's trees overhead. But but the there's not a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: There's space in between the tree chunks, and there's not a lot that's growing on the ground, so it's linked fairly open in some sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, Yeah, um, Kensel will just like run up a tree. Can I like? Just run up and see what's going on at the M. Campbe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the visibility is still about ten or fifteen feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's just keep walking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My, My my fuelers are on super high, though, Tim, I'm just like just like feeling for for anything. I'm feeling for motu actually like the I know the feathery like little thing in the corner of my eyes. Him?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, where is it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenza is like sensing is like on full radar right now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: keep walking just slowly
Timothy Sackton: moving forward in this
Timothy Sackton: strange place,
Timothy Sackton: keeping your perceptions open for anything that might
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: anything that might be here,
Timothy Sackton: anything that
Timothy Sackton: might disturb your
Timothy Sackton: your feelings, your sensing,
Timothy Sackton: and you,
Timothy Sackton: as you walk
Timothy Sackton: like you occasionally get this.
Timothy Sackton: You hear a sort of kenzo distant,
Timothy Sackton: soft, and close. It's hard to say which.
Timothy Sackton: Um uh!
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly a scream, but more like a hiss of pain,
Timothy Sackton: like there's something wounded here,
Timothy Sackton: and it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: avoiding you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hence it will stop wherever we are at that moment,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and yell at the top of his lungs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Motua,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to end your pain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are here to help
Timothy Sackton: as you as you yell out suddenly,
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Appearing in front of you is this massive maybe
Timothy Sackton: thirty foot forty foot long, feathered serpent with a head that is almost cat-like,
Timothy Sackton: like with cat ears and sort of a a jaw like this that then fades back into the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: ah into a long serpentine body,
Timothy Sackton: and as you and as you yell out as it appears, it's sort of
Timothy Sackton: just kind of emerges out of the mists,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see there are
Timothy Sackton: three wounds that like cut through its body, and from each of these three wounds there's writhing black. There's three live writhing black chains that grow out of the wounds and wrap around this thing's body those nine chains in total, three from each wound,
Timothy Sackton: and it turns, and it looks at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we heal you. How can we release you from your chains?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're here to help
Timothy Sackton: its tail as it screams in pain.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Its tail swings
Timothy Sackton: and strikes against
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And you dodged out of the way, and then it's. It continues swinging
Timothy Sackton: towards um
Timothy Sackton: Finari
Timothy Sackton: hitting him, and he
Timothy Sackton: staggers back.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: blinks for a moment um
Timothy Sackton: sort of docking out of the way and says,
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I saw something,
Timothy Sackton: some image.
Timothy Sackton: He was.
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Something caused these wounds. Something
Timothy Sackton: in the land of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: I I couldn't see it clearly.
Timothy Sackton: Motua then turns on you again,
Timothy Sackton: grit like his face as a grimace. Their face is a grimace,
Timothy Sackton: looks, looks around
Timothy Sackton: like tries to tries to like shrug or move, or something,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: now, as they come again to swing their tail around,
Timothy Sackton: hitting you. You can see
Timothy Sackton: the wounds themselves are not
Timothy Sackton: physical ruins,
Timothy Sackton: and the chains are not physical chains.
Timothy Sackton: The wounds are.
Timothy Sackton: There are wounds in the
Timothy Sackton: somehow
Timothy Sackton: in the spirit realm itself,
Timothy Sackton: and as the blood from the closest wounds,
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: splashes against you, you can see
Timothy Sackton: a dream
Timothy Sackton: buried in the wound, and you feel like if you just
Timothy Sackton: reached out
Timothy Sackton: you could
Timothy Sackton: be part of the wound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do it. I merge with the wound.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the dream world these are! Do you want to
Timothy Sackton: do this as well?
Timothy Sackton: Are you joining Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: in the dream wound?
I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make sure I've got this.
Eric Rosenbaum: The two babies that I can hold them close and keep them safe from this dangerous situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, they're coming with us for sure,
Timothy Sackton: So as you dive into the wound.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: The first one that you see is so. First of all, you take ten points in the chronic damage, Kenzo,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: a lonely warrior
Timothy Sackton: nondescript at the end of their life,
Timothy Sackton: forgotten,
Timothy Sackton: afraid of dying alone, and nobody caring,
Timothy Sackton: spitting old, their sword hanging uselessly by their side.
Timothy Sackton: And they, this warrior looks up at you
Timothy Sackton: and says,
Timothy Sackton: I am forgotten,
Timothy Sackton: Aren't. I
Timothy Sackton: no one remembers
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas looks at the warrior. What are they? The human elf? What are they
Timothy Sackton: human?
Timothy Sackton: A man wearing like chainmail armor and a shield,
Timothy Sackton: a sword. But the gear is rusting and and not very well taken care of.
Timothy Sackton: Um! All insignia have been removed
Timothy Sackton: uh their faces. His face is kind of almost a little blurred
Timothy Sackton: nondescript.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo stares at the man
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the mong of Bishma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can tell your story
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so they will remember.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: wisdom check with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twenty one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and twenty.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: he turns,
Timothy Sackton: and he looks at you,
Timothy Sackton: and he says
Timothy Sackton: you would do that
Timothy Sackton: even I,
Timothy Sackton: born to a nothing family,
Timothy Sackton: undistinguished in battle,
Timothy Sackton: I tried to live a good life.
Timothy Sackton: What,
Timothy Sackton: my captain!
Timothy Sackton: He killed the hob goblins and got the glory.
Timothy Sackton: My brother.
Timothy Sackton: He was
Timothy Sackton: rich and
Timothy Sackton: well traveled.
Timothy Sackton: He had a beautiful wife.
Timothy Sackton: My nephews were
Timothy Sackton: great children.
Timothy Sackton: I was simply
Timothy Sackton: forgotten,
Timothy Sackton: and you would tell even my story,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and of smiles beaming just full of so much compassion,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks at him, and says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it would be an honor to tell your story.
Timothy Sackton: He blanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas takes the staff and points at like all of the runes, like kind of winding the bottom, going up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then he takes out his his carving knife, and says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll write your story together. Here.
It starts carbon,
Timothy Sackton: he says,
Timothy Sackton: as born
Timothy Sackton: small farming village
Timothy Sackton: outside the city of Chardon.
Timothy Sackton: There was a great war.
Timothy Sackton: Horrible war
there.
Timothy Sackton: Those who
Timothy Sackton: we're braver, stronger, fought
Timothy Sackton: dragons and
Timothy Sackton: allied with elves.
Timothy Sackton: I stayed, and I guarded the city,
Timothy Sackton: and we fought hop goblins, but I
Timothy Sackton: I did nothing
Timothy Sackton: after the war.
Timothy Sackton: There's so much loss, death, and destruction.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't know what to do.
Timothy Sackton: I tried to help my brother.
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: he had an inner.
Timothy Sackton: I tried to keep the farm going, but
Timothy Sackton: the land was sick,
Timothy Sackton: even though
Timothy Sackton: Tyrone and Majors didn't seem to be able to
Timothy Sackton: bother to care about me
Timothy Sackton: till I died, and then for a moment the image shifts, and you see this cat snake's face,
Timothy Sackton: and it is
Timothy Sackton: um Writhing angrily. He says,
Timothy Sackton: No,
Timothy Sackton: that is not my story.
Timothy Sackton: I am eternal.
Timothy Sackton: I protected souls like him.
Timothy Sackton: Until a year ago
Timothy Sackton: a creature came to the River of Souls,
Timothy Sackton: a shadowy, skeletal figure in a long black cloak,
Timothy Sackton: substantial, carrying
Timothy Sackton: a wicked looking glave,
Timothy Sackton: and wearing a burning ring of dark fire on its hand.
Timothy Sackton: And then you feel the wound begin to close.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these are, are you? You're like standing outside the
Timothy Sackton: outside of Motu and his body just kind of watching this
Timothy Sackton: chains. The three chains that were out of this wound um explode and rush towards you,
Timothy Sackton: attacking you
Timothy Sackton: right where it is. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um! What's your ac?
Eric Rosenbaum: Eighteen?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but none of them had three chance
Timothy Sackton: driving, crashing against you, severed from this wound that's now healed itself.
Timothy Sackton: Ken so,
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: emerging like
Timothy Sackton: I guess you were just sort of meditating focused on this wound.
Timothy Sackton: Step out,
Timothy Sackton: Come back! No, too at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's just to go back really quick. When Motua started speaking and telling me his story like it. First, I was recorded
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I start like when I when I do stories on the staff. It's like there's like each. Each story is like I I the story to like, use me, and like the the essence of like whoever's telling the story to like shape, so it's like it's like the runs are all different. You know what I mean, because depending on who's telling the story like the the the story writes itself differently. You know i'm just a vessel for the story to like, manifest itself and carve itself into the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So when Motu has started telling the story,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I started channeling Motua into the wood, and started telling his story about the man in the glave and all that. So it's like. Do you know what I mean? So it's like a dynamic like writing process where i'm channeling the story of whoever speaking, and it's like almost like the rooms and the and the the um the fonts, you know they're They're they're they're of the uh, the style of the the storyteller.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know what i'm saying?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I just I just instinctively started telling what to a story to like without even saying it. But like if he could sense that he knows that i'm also now telling his story.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So the chains are now clustered around.
Timothy Sackton: Is our
Timothy Sackton: aiming to try and like
Timothy Sackton: get on to you almost as if they're reaching for you or the babies. What are you doing? These are then back to Kenzo Um, and you also see that there's that there's um.
Timothy Sackton: There's shadows that are starting to emerge from the ground, and Anari is like running to try and keep the shadows off of you. He says I, i'll handle these. You
Timothy Sackton: deal with that thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pencil is going to go. Um! Oh, sorry it's not my turn in in our or He's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza is going to show first, and i's just going to shout, Do your best. I'm going to heal Motua.
Eric Rosenbaum: What type of damage do these chains cause?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you don't know neither one hit none of them hit you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you use it just for a moment?
Timothy Sackton: Well, that just reduces damage. That Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: not dispel magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: So are the chain
Eric Rosenbaum: and some adjustable effect that I could attempt to dispel
Timothy Sackton: you could I mean, there's also you have all sorts of cool spells, like wrath of nature and some and draconic spirit. And oh, yeah, wrath of nature. I was like that one, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that's chaotic
Timothy Sackton: I mean or you could just polymorph into a t-rex and start destroying things.
Timothy Sackton: You have many options here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It depends what I'm trying to accomplish.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're trying to buy tens of times, so you can heal these other two moons
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: But I need to like not get killed by the chains.
Timothy Sackton: Your senses that dispel magic is not likely to just make them go away
Eric Rosenbaum: right all right. Would that be too easy?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the
Eric Rosenbaum: over there
Eric Rosenbaum: detect the presence of
Eric Rosenbaum: the elementals, I guess I don't
Eric Rosenbaum: my stuff he we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I try like a heating spill on the tool?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think what healing in is what i'm doing, which is like listening to the
Eric Rosenbaum: therapeutic healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I love it, I love this. This is like what's up.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's pretty awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Eric Rosenbaum: can I just try to back away from a range of
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they're like writhing, and may leave with you. If you back away they'll all get opportunity to attack on you, but you can certainly do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I can try to
Eric Rosenbaum: using the graph of nature
Eric Rosenbaum: is there? I would keep them.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's lots of trees around, too. So
Eric Rosenbaum: in this part of this.
Timothy Sackton: There's lots of trees around, too, so you So the
Timothy Sackton: it is effect, but also work,
Timothy Sackton: and you can also.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use roots and vines to restrain,
Timothy Sackton: and you can also throw rocks at things
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So i'll use breath of nature. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's sixty foot to the trees, rocks, and grasses,
Timothy Sackton: so that the
Timothy Sackton: the land itself just kind of comes under your control, and the um,
Timothy Sackton: the undergrowth and grass starts to grasp at the chains and keep them slow them down. Ah! You can see that all the trees around here are like sort of moving in your under your control, and um!
Timothy Sackton: You can launch a rocket at one of them. You'll have disadvantage because you're in May, but you can make a
Timothy Sackton: range spell attack with this vantage and see if you had.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh yeah, okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: they do the click, the scale tax and
fifteen
Timothy Sackton: uh fifteen just hits
Timothy Sackton: It's a real damage. So a rock. I'm lying out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think there's already damage
Eric Rosenbaum: the bludgeoning damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: uh eighteen points of bleeding damage. Um,
Timothy Sackton: the first The first chain That's right next to you, Pete, As this rock smashes into it, it
Timothy Sackton: like withers, it begins to wither away, and as it does,
Timothy Sackton: the backlash of its destruction causes eight points of psychic damage to you.
Timothy Sackton: There are still two chains left at the moment next to you
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: both right next to you, but both of which you can then entangle with
Timothy Sackton: Ah, with roots.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So they have to make strength Sending throws.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So what's your spell? Save? Do you see both of them fail
Eric Rosenbaum: sense out
Timothy Sackton: fifteen and eleven, so both of them fail.
Timothy Sackton: Um, So they're both. These two chains are grasped by
Timothy Sackton: um grasp and restrain, which gives them disadvantage on attacks and
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: I would make a cost concentration saving, throw
Timothy Sackton: constitution saving, throw
Eric Rosenbaum: nine.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And rather than nature goes away,
Eric Rosenbaum: he was doing some definite damage.
Timothy Sackton: You can cast it again. Next to you you've got another Fifth Level spell slot
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
Timothy Sackton: um
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't take off the spouse long
Eric Rosenbaum: that never works for me.
Well,
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no! If you bone it, if you, if you use your bonus action to sorry if you have wild shape. If you use your constellation.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you can be a dragon, and you
Timothy Sackton: can't roll lower than a ten
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh do. That sounds awesome.
Timothy Sackton: You can do that. Well, it's a bonus action, so you can do it before you cast this spell again. Next turn. Okay, Kenza, you going into another wound.
What happened to Kenza
Timothy Sackton: Cog.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here you go.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and you can also fly when we're in dragon for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Dragon Farm is pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So these are turning into a dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Next turn it's your turn now. Are you going into another wedding? Oh, hell, yeah, Moon number two
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right back in
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So you take
Timothy Sackton: you, take sixteen points of necrotic damage as you dive into the next wound,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: nondescript traveler in a vast, empty desert,
Timothy Sackton: lying
Timothy Sackton: lost
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: clearly clearly dying of thirst, and seem to be
Timothy Sackton: trying to like, scratch out a like a letter or a note
Timothy Sackton: on a stone or on in the sand, or they're sort of obsessively trying to write
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: travel. She
Timothy Sackton: looks up as you as you turn and says in a
Timothy Sackton: croaking voice. When you come
Timothy Sackton: towards me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've come to help you complete your work.
Timothy Sackton: I am dying.
Timothy Sackton: I have
Timothy Sackton: no paper to write with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can tell your story
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the way
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Kenzo shows shows him uh polls, pulls the staff board directly into her eyes, and then starts wrapping his hand around the staff. So all of the runes and all of the stories starts spinning and spinning and spinning at her vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then he stops
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at a point. It says,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now we may write together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me what it must be written.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of like pulls herself up.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: just what
Timothy Sackton: I just wanted to write
Timothy Sackton: a letter
Timothy Sackton: to my family one last time.
Timothy Sackton: Tell them they are loved.
Timothy Sackton: Will your staff do that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me the words you might. You wish your family to give,
Timothy Sackton: Tell them this,
Timothy Sackton: tell them
Timothy Sackton: they will be taken care of.
Timothy Sackton: Tell them that I love them.
Timothy Sackton: I don't miss them, but
Timothy Sackton: I lived a good life,
Timothy Sackton: and I knew the risks,
Timothy Sackton: and do not refuse to live their life because I am gone,
and we will meet again
Timothy Sackton: on the other side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things that carves all of this. What is your name?
Timothy Sackton: My name?
Timothy Sackton: Make a make a wisdom. Check
Timothy Sackton: also was advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fight it,
Timothy Sackton: but merging out of her out of her mouth as she is beginning to speak. You see a sna this like a miniature version of Motua.
Timothy Sackton: It crawls out, and it opens. It grows and opens up, and it says
Timothy Sackton: they do not have names anymore.
Timothy Sackton: The creature,
Timothy Sackton: the thing, the skeleton
Timothy Sackton: in the black cloak carrying a glave,
Timothy Sackton: he carried with him a scroll, an ancient thing.
As he spoke the words on the scroll
Timothy Sackton: it burst into dark fire and turned to ash, and the ring grew brighter.
Timothy Sackton: Wrapping around his glave and casing it in the dark fire of the ring.
And as he walked
Timothy Sackton: he burned marks with this flaving glave in the very fabric of the land of the dead
Timothy Sackton: marks that
Timothy Sackton: pulsed with a heartbeat
Timothy Sackton: with life in this lifeless place,
Timothy Sackton: and I could not let that stand,
Timothy Sackton: and three more chains burst out of the wound. There are now five chains swarming towards,
Timothy Sackton: is I.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, oh, man, and what is your ac is eighteen?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, none of them hit you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent! So we like to see these are terrible chains.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing?
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: you're muted
is
Eric Rosenbaum: starry form of the dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's
Eric Rosenbaum: the concentration,
Eric Rosenbaum: and seven through the
Eric Rosenbaum: also. It's my
Eric Rosenbaum: and that's a bonus action
Eric Rosenbaum: to to go for wild shape. So that's my last one. How does that last
Timothy Sackton: an hour, or maybe ten minutes, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Last ten minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. And then
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll cast Rath adventure again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: It's mapping. It's a little split and let me just make sure that,
Eric Rosenbaum: Mr. Con, your comic spirit.
Timothy Sackton: This is also pretty good,
Eric Rosenbaum: too complicated to
Eric Rosenbaum: that. I was
Eric Rosenbaum: crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just
Timothy Sackton: I mean Raven. It is also pretty good. So the trees reanimate.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And you
Timothy Sackton: attempt to
Timothy Sackton: ah restrain everything again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: One of them avoids being restrained.
Timothy Sackton: The rest are restrained by the like vines and roots that grow up again, having been temporarily
Timothy Sackton: disentangled by
Timothy Sackton: uh by the second damage, as you killed one chain,
Timothy Sackton: that is your turn. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Kenzao,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but the healing again! Let's go into the last wound. You take another thirteen points of necrotic damage. This is going to kill me. It's all just fucking across damage. Jesus Christ!
Timothy Sackton: And you see
Timothy Sackton: a holy warrior, a paladin, and a hopeless battle fighting against
Timothy Sackton: dozens of
Timothy Sackton: of monsters, of forms shifting. It's not clear. But,
Timothy Sackton: uh, you can. You can see behind them like they're like guarding a door. There's uh
Timothy Sackton: people fleeing people trying to get out,
Timothy Sackton: and they are
Timothy Sackton: standing and fighting heavy armor like plate, male sword, and shield, like holy Avenger style.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And they turn.
Timothy Sackton: They look and and speak in a
Timothy Sackton: in a nondescript
Timothy Sackton: voice. Um,
Timothy Sackton: have you?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how long
Timothy Sackton: I can last.
Timothy Sackton: My spirit
Timothy Sackton: may not be strong enough for everybody to flee
Timothy Sackton: dying
Timothy Sackton: Now
Timothy Sackton: i'm afraid it will hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Will I be taken by the gods and blessed for my deeds? Or is
Timothy Sackton: that's not enough?
Timothy Sackton: Is this?
Timothy Sackton: Does this make things right.
Timothy Sackton: Are you here to tell me? I'm damned, no matter what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm here to ensure that your story will live forever.
Timothy Sackton: I am not sure my story deserves to live,
Timothy Sackton: my soul will be consumed by
Timothy Sackton: the nine hells. When I pass on. I am afraid
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's up to the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. No God,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I can ensure your story lives on forever.
Timothy Sackton: I do not fear for the death of my story.
Timothy Sackton: I fear
Timothy Sackton: I want that
Timothy Sackton: do the right thing in the end, and he turns and he looks behind the
Timothy Sackton: at the people running when he looks at the swarm of shadowing, shifting monsters. You can see those like blood coming down from his.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like the gap in the shoulder. There's like a bleeding wound, and then he would hold this shield up as he's talking to another like monster forms. Now it looks, as it appears, out of the shadows, almost like a troll takes a swipe at him, and he stops back with his sword, and then kind of retreats a bit and looks back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me use your but it would be so easy to turn and run,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't, turn and run. Stay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll help.
Timothy Sackton: Why would you do that,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Timothy? Is he like just holding a shield back to like prevent the No. He's like fighting this. All right. I'll come and fight with them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um, make a wisdom check
Timothy Sackton: not with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You that with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not really bad for the advantage. I got a twenty one without advantage. I only get a six.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Timothy Sackton: We'll come back to this um The The monsters like rush forward,
Timothy Sackton: swinging at you and it him
Timothy Sackton: uh you take six points of psychic damage, and he falls back, and he looks
Timothy Sackton: around scared like
Timothy Sackton: i'm ready to run, and the chains now attack
Timothy Sackton: is our except something happens at the start of your turn.
Timothy Sackton: They all have to make dexterity saving throws or take damage from the whipping branches.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, Well, one succeeds.
Timothy Sackton: Chains don't have very high dexterity,
Timothy Sackton: so will the forty six slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, Okay, So
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: four of them four of the chains
Timothy Sackton: first.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: But as they burst, the psychic damage
Timothy Sackton: strikes you. You take thirty four points of psychic damage, as the chains explode in a cataclysm of
Timothy Sackton: pain, the one
Timothy Sackton: But but Don't roll concentration because it's actually
Timothy Sackton: it's actually four separate instances of
Timothy Sackton: like nine points of safety damage. So you automatically succeed. All your concentration saves
Eric Rosenbaum: which I would, anyway, because of the dragon thing.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's what I mean, because of the dragon thing you actually have to roll
Timothy Sackton: a ten or over to succeed
Timothy Sackton: it, unless you take more than twenty points of damage. So if you take like nine points, and then five points, then ten points, and then ten points. It totals thirty, four, but
Timothy Sackton: you automatically succeed all those checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry during
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and then uh,
Timothy Sackton: and then the one chain that's left not restrained is going to make a attack against you.
Timothy Sackton: Still, messes chains can't do anything except die um
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: back to Kenzo. You see now, this pallet in this warrior is,
Timothy Sackton: you know, is is looking around looking around at you, and then turns
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: well, turning as if to run, and says
Timothy Sackton: I don't
Timothy Sackton: don't think it matters what I do anymore. I'm,
Timothy Sackton: I can feel the
Timothy Sackton: cage closing in on me again.
Timothy Sackton: I'm just gonna
Timothy Sackton: i'm just going to run. There's
Timothy Sackton: no redemption for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pencil looks at the warrior,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: closes his eyes,
or in the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: closes his eyes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just gives the warrior all of his strength, just like, takes all of his spirit, all of his energy, and just shifts it completely into the warrior, merges with his spirit, and gives him all of his strength.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom check
Timothy Sackton: with advantage,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up in ten and an eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if you add, the
Timothy Sackton: the warrior looks over at you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You feel
Timothy Sackton: weak and drained.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you take
Timothy Sackton: two points of
Timothy Sackton: necrotic damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only got six points left him.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe Kenza is not going to succeed on his mission. The warrior looks, but the warrior looks bolstered. It looks strong and and turns then, and like holds up his shield and starts pushing back the monsters away from you as you feel yourself
Timothy Sackton: um as you merge with him. You feel you. You
Timothy Sackton: see the the
Timothy Sackton: the sweep of the past of this warrior's life. You see the
Timothy Sackton: ah you see the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah time he spent as a youth as a as I see, is like all of my strength, is in the warrior. The only like strength that I have remaining is just to draw what I see on the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, You see, you see his time as a youth a band at course. Thief
um
Timothy Sackton: falling in, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Never, never a murderer but robbing caravans. Um, you know, growing up
Timothy Sackton: a on the streets. No parents,
Timothy Sackton: you know, never finding anybody to
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: give them a hand up, or a or a
Timothy Sackton: a way out, turning to
Timothy Sackton: theft because he felt he had nothing else to do,
Timothy Sackton: first stealing little things, then working his way up to stealing bigger things and growing up in a city not one that you recognize, but
Timothy Sackton: in many ways a childhood very similar to Kenzos
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: except if you had in Kenzo's life if he had never found Peso,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: much later, like uh,
Timothy Sackton: you know, middle age um
Timothy Sackton: a price on his head,
Timothy Sackton: and then
um
Timothy Sackton: finding his way to a temple of the wild
Timothy Sackton: one of the eight divines that's worshipped in Charnin and Zimbabwe,
Timothy Sackton: and saying
Timothy Sackton: to the priest,
Timothy Sackton: You can't go on like this,
Timothy Sackton: and then hearing
Timothy Sackton: rumors, um
Timothy Sackton: monster attacks, trolls, raiding villages, and saying to the priest,
Timothy Sackton: I could repay them for what I've taken from them.
Timothy Sackton: Would that be enough?
Timothy Sackton: And the priests saying,
Timothy Sackton: the wilding takes in all
Timothy Sackton: the wadling is the
Timothy Sackton: protector of orphans, and those who
Timothy Sackton: house
Timothy Sackton: struggles
Timothy Sackton: They will
Timothy Sackton: see you're true of South. If
Timothy Sackton: you have, if you have
Timothy Sackton: come seeking an honest forgiveness,
Timothy Sackton: and they will not turn you away.
Timothy Sackton: And then you sort of stagger back, as
Timothy Sackton: these are at the beginning of your turn, the
Timothy Sackton: uh branches again strike at this last
Timothy Sackton: chain
Timothy Sackton: uh which fails it's dexterity, save
Timothy Sackton: so rule your forty six damage,
Timothy Sackton: which is probably yeah, that kills it. So you take a number seven points of psychic damage. And now there is just. There are no chains left. You can see now
Timothy Sackton: turns
Timothy Sackton: and looks at you, and
Timothy Sackton: the three chains that still are
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: coming out of the one wound that Kenzo has has
Timothy Sackton: entered into
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: are still sort of writhing around. But
Timothy Sackton: uh, now that um,
Timothy Sackton: now that the that the other two, the other two wounds, have been closed and motuous seems to be calming down a little bit, and the shadows that have been emerging That
Timothy Sackton: um in our has been fighting. Now, stop,
Timothy Sackton: you know it's still swarmed by two of them left over, but no more emerge. Um! And you and the thrashing the sort of um
Timothy Sackton: weaving and and thrashing of his tail has begun to slow.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that, Motu. It definitely seems to be returning to some sense of calm. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: what are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm with the Paladin.
Timothy Sackton: What are you going to say to them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's he doing right now? He's still fighting?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I look to him. And I say,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know your story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know your journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've walked the path myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Redemption is before you.
Timothy Sackton: It turns. It looks back at you
Timothy Sackton: all you're like now, actually like super weak, and but he now has a sense of your strength.
Timothy Sackton: You've walked
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: with all that Power
Timothy Sackton: started
Timothy Sackton: like me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and their shoes and the wounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the daylight
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I grew up with no parents.
I grew up alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was only by sure luck that I was taken in by somebody who could teach me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was abused, poisoned.
Timothy Sackton: He turns, and he looks back at the
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: at the monsters, and he looks at you, and he
Timothy Sackton: there is hope
Timothy Sackton: turns and runs back into battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not going to make you roll for that, because that was a perfect story
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Timothy Sackton: the wound closes,
Timothy Sackton: and as he runs into battle. Um! You can see now it's not him fighting. It's Motua fighting this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Timothy Sackton: skeleton creature, this skeleton with dark robes and a smoking glave, and a ring of burning black fire is that is it? Is it? Is it the the the, the, the, the, the the the drink orienting guy? I spoke to in dream world. Is it in
Timothy Sackton: a poly on now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it? Is it Garage
Timothy Sackton: Seeker would know for sure. So because the only one he's seen garage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but the glave
Timothy Sackton: cutting these
Timothy Sackton: deep wounds into Motua, and from each
Timothy Sackton: from each below that garage strikes at
Timothy Sackton: at Motua. Um.
Timothy Sackton: This, like black fire created by this scroll. That garage red um pouring off the glave. You see these chains start to emerge as um
Timothy Sackton: as each wound is, is ah!
Timothy Sackton: As created by the swing of this clave, and as each each wound, as three chains emerge from each wound, begins to pull Motu a down slower and slower
um
Timothy Sackton: moving
Timothy Sackton: weekly,
Timothy Sackton: then
Timothy Sackton: almost not at all,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: beginning to fall, You see this serpent creature, this feathered serpent, begin to tumble from the land of the dead, and the shadowy skeleton staggering back as if exhausted, but holding up a hand in triumph. This ring,
Timothy Sackton: their hand glowing
Timothy Sackton: tendrils of blue energy reaching out from the ring, grasping
Timothy Sackton: souls from the land of the dead, and pulling them through these marks that he had carved into the fabric of the plane itself again. Using this,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the higher?
His power
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: explains Grassh's power of eruption.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A resurrection. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then you fall back.
Timothy Sackton: Three
Timothy Sackton: writhing chains now surrounding both Kenzo and Ezar.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I shouldn't skip to have happy music yet
Timothy Sackton: only has two hit points
Timothy Sackton: they only have a plus three to head.
Timothy Sackton: Uh-oh!
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: One of them hits Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the die again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only appropriate.
Timothy Sackton: It does seven points of damage, but
Timothy Sackton: you are not reduced to unconsciousness. You are reduced to one hit point, and the chain
Timothy Sackton: wraps itself around your soul.
Timothy Sackton: You know I have disadvantage on death, saving until you figure out what to do with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was Bill. You don't need you to crash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what we have a spell called wet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can
Timothy Sackton: wake up the dead, and the other two chains are then promptly killed by bashing
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: trees from Isar,
Timothy Sackton: and as
Timothy Sackton: Motua then turns and slithers
Timothy Sackton: and bows their head
Timothy Sackton: and looks at you. Calm now
Timothy Sackton: spreading across this realm,
Timothy Sackton: and they
Timothy Sackton: link
Timothy Sackton: and look up
Timothy Sackton: and turn to you and say,
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This chain still binds me.
Can you help?
Timothy Sackton: It needs
Timothy Sackton: powerful magic,
Timothy Sackton: a spell of restoration
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the sacrifice
you
Eric Rosenbaum: something
Timothy Sackton: that is part of your past.
Timothy Sackton: It has meaning to you
Timothy Sackton: which you can part with
Timothy Sackton: is a India
Timothy Sackton: through which this curse can depart,
Eric Rosenbaum: cast as a restoration.
Timothy Sackton: We need greater restoration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was not
Eric Rosenbaum: as I can cast that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Once you get back together,
Eric Rosenbaum: I see,
Timothy Sackton: but you may just have to deal with the disadvantage of that
Timothy Sackton: some time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tens of polls
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then Mari Horn from his back
says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my life has changed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in so many ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: across the desert
that new companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is something I've carried with me in this chapter of my life through all of the changes that I've gone through,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something that represents
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the man I've become
you,
you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is worthy sacrifice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I give it gladly.
You.
Timothy Sackton: I do not possess
Timothy Sackton: magic. You need.
Timothy Sackton: You must find somebody with this magic of restoration.
Timothy Sackton: Give this to them to be consumed by the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Be freed of this.
Timothy Sackton: It's not a boon I can grant you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand my too
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or two on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so happy that you are free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm so happy that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you are healed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that balance may be restored to this beautiful, beautiful land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I paid a price, but my son,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: loud and willing to pay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: latua.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of yeah. And I I come in with you.
Timothy Sackton: May.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas closes his eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, as close to Motu as as motu a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well. Mo, too, is willing. Kenzo will like lean. As for Lena's head forward, so that's been a touch,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenza closes his eyes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then just completely surrenders
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: allows his spirit to just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flow and merge you about to us.
Timothy Sackton: You you feel this
Timothy Sackton: sensation of
Timothy Sackton: thousands, hundreds of thousands of
Timothy Sackton: droplets of
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like It's almost like standing under a waterfall.
Timothy Sackton: And yet you somehow know that each one of these is a soul that Motua has
Timothy Sackton: protected,
Timothy Sackton: crossing
Timothy Sackton: the land of the dead to the reach. There
Timothy Sackton: gods who claim them,
Timothy Sackton: and it blends together into this waterfall of
Timothy Sackton: life,
Timothy Sackton: and after a moment
Timothy Sackton: looks up at you
and thank you,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I need time to recover,
Timothy Sackton: and I do not.
Timothy Sackton: No, if I can heal this place,
Timothy Sackton: I know one who can if he can, reach us,
Timothy Sackton: and you hear a
Timothy Sackton: low purring growl behind you.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a jaguar
Timothy Sackton: pacing in the jungle, watching
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the babies. By the way, Tim, if It's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When Motu and I are in communion,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I imagine I was imagining I was holding holding my staff like as where our foreheads are touching,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and as he was describing the waterfall,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was imagining kind of like a swirl of like blue light, like kind of spinning around the staff, like from our foreheads down into the ground,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like um, yeah, like water droplets like kind of swirling, and a helix around the staff, and then going down to to the ground
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that
Timothy Sackton: that's perfect. And as as you actually I realize now, as
Timothy Sackton: this is perfect, too, as the as you part from Motua. This swirling energy leaves a trail of
Timothy Sackton: the hutsu He
Timothy Sackton: which gives you will also give you it. There will be more items, but gives you advantage on death saving throws, canceling out the disadvantage from the
Timothy Sackton: from the chain.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And you also feel your staff filling up with key. Not just
Timothy Sackton: not just your own sort of energy, but the unique
Timothy Sackton: spiritual key of this place. And as the jaguar
Timothy Sackton: um turns and
Timothy Sackton: uh looks at you, you can see your staff.
Timothy Sackton: So this um, this sort of Hotsu mark from Motua
Timothy Sackton: the the jaguar growls, and actually well, first, the jaguar turns to to Hisar and says,
Timothy Sackton: you have done well to keep open the door to this place that I could travel through.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: restore what I can with Motua's help,
Timothy Sackton: I ask you, though, is our
Timothy Sackton: Do you wish to continue to guard these children?
Timothy Sackton: They will
Timothy Sackton: gladly come with me if asked,
Timothy Sackton: but they seem to have a
Timothy Sackton: fondness for you,
Timothy Sackton: and should you wish it,
Timothy Sackton: they will stay, I am sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it is my destiny to.
Timothy Sackton: We would welcome you to this land.
Timothy Sackton: There is much good you could do here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It work to them,
Timothy Sackton: indeed,
Timothy Sackton: and turns the jaguar turns and paces to Kenzo,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: Grabs
Timothy Sackton: grabs your staff again, and you can see these, like the plants, begin to like images of plants begin to grow, and you can see so um this aesa the dream. This dream. Berry uh begins to grow out of your staff, and then sort of
Timothy Sackton: it grows like a real thing. But then it kind of fades into the wood like it's a woodprint in the top of the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Um and the
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: Bertaro, the the um, the vine that grows where
Timothy Sackton: that grows in the Lizard folk, or the sorry, the lily pad that grows in the Lizard folk pawns um from the bottom of your staff, the the like colors of the flower of that the lee pad swirl up, forming kind of an abstract design going around the bottom,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: than Goa says
Timothy Sackton: it will carry
Timothy Sackton: this forest with you,
and so
Timothy Sackton: I would ask,
Timothy Sackton: Is there any other boon I can grant you? Is there anywhere I can send you to anywhere you wish to travel
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before I go, and there is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maintain my connection here.
Commune Here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I seek always to learn from you my great teachers,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or to a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name of the jaguar again?
Timothy Sackton: What? Where did I say? The name of the jaguar was?
Timothy Sackton: Have it run down! Hold on! I was reading your magic items. Not that my session that
Timothy Sackton: ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my great teachers,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before I depart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I asked one favor
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to spend as much time as I can before I let go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and learn from you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my grade teachers.
Timothy Sackton: You may
Timothy Sackton: may dwell in this forest for as long as pleased as you
Timothy Sackton: and I can send you to where you are going when you need to be there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pencil starts to cry in gratitude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He gets down on his knees and so gratefully prayers to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the great jaguar,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the great Snake,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also looks in deep gratitude to his two Lizard folk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: friends
Eric Rosenbaum: for technically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all four, Wow! And the spirits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, during during the time that he spends
Timothy Sackton: uh, you learn about these new properties of your staff. So each basically you have the mesa with zoom or taro and nohana key
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and they each.
Timothy Sackton: They don't the key doesn't regenerate, but you can spend them, each do one so if you spend the
Timothy Sackton: A as a key, it lets you
Timothy Sackton: enter a trance that allows you to visit the dream world. Look. Yes, but you can all you that once
Timothy Sackton: you can use your Hootsu key to grasp one departing spirit, and if they are willing to turn them to life.
Timothy Sackton: But if the creature has been dead for more than twenty four hours,
Timothy Sackton: um, or if the body is not intact, it doesn't work,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: let's you remove all reductions, cleanse One keeps creatures here at let's you remove all conditions, reductions to ability, scores, reductions to hit point maximums, curses. You could just use that up right now to get rid of your chain if you want to. I'm a wait. I'm a way to
Timothy Sackton: um, and then the
Timothy Sackton: uh enhances your speed and rack reflexes, giving you the benefits of the haste spell for one minute.
Timothy Sackton: So those are all one off effects. You can do each one
Timothy Sackton: but the the the dream, Barry one. So you you also get minor extra bonuses is the critical hit thing. There's the advantage on death saving throws, and then the the dream, Barry lets you cast. Use three key to cast augury once per day.
Timothy Sackton: Augury is basically a like, hey? Dm: Is this a good idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other thing that I want to do as a part of this training here, and i'm glad i'm going to stay in fucking train here, Tim, i'm going to stay. I'm like hang out with my fucking jaguar like it like How often in life do you get like a you know, ancient jaguar and ancient snake to like train you in the jungle type of shit. So, learning all the powers of the staff for sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um, but also like I want to like, imprint their their their consciousness and their souls into mine as much as possible, so that even when i'm thousands of miles away, I can commune with them, you know, because you know, like the dream world like like. Now we're we're. We're aware of all these other plans of consciousness where, like physical physical space is just kind of irrelevant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzel wants to train, and he'll do this even here. Actually, you know. I wonder even if if um if um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if uh Langau is is up for this for this type of training where he can teleport me to like like some distance, and then I still maintain like a connection to this place, or to him, or to you know. So just it's like a It's like a um. It's like a um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like a practice in bending in um kind of sole connection versus like space. So that, like, you know, with enough focus and like concentration
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um of another soul that Kenzo can have like a connection to it, and that, you know the first thing can just be even be like, Are they alive? You know it's like the force. You know what I mean. It's sort of like. Oh, like I said, somebody dies. So how about this? When you use key to cast augury. You're asking
Timothy Sackton: Glengow. Is this a good idea?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice? And you're commuting with him
Timothy Sackton: so you might occasionally get some extra tips other than just bad idea or a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's good. We can work with that. I I guess what i'm trying to get at with this is like um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like If Kenzo becomes really like so connected with anything like some being that he just spends a lot of time with and community like even like you know, his companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like part of what I'm imagining is it literally is sort of a power like the force where it's like, you know, if they die like Kenzo can sense that they or like they're in pain, you know. So and so at like a low level of this connection. It's just like awareness that they're that they're you know. But at higher levels of this connection it can be sort of like a messenger stone where you can just like talk to them, or or even at like. Even crazier like this is like Jedi master type. Shit. It's like, you know. I could like Channel my key into them, and like have some ability
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for my staff. And like, even though they're super far away, like you know, this is not. This is not for a long time, but it's like It's like a it's like a soul ridge. You know what I mean like that with with any being that he like, you know It's so. That's how you like the with the Storm giant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now this is first time, really that a little bit, just to be like. I've got like a connection with him somehow. It's like very loose, and course, but he really wants to tune this thing, and I love that with Lang Gow he's tuned it enough, and has like the the you know he They've done like training with this shit where, like yeah, he's like teleported Kenzo to some like weird fucking places, and, like Kenzo, like still trying to track him and lock him in to like, you know, to communicate back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the augury thing. But that's just like I'm: not. Just. Yeah, Okay, that's cool. So as as
Timothy Sackton: as the this adventure ends and you
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: have spent some time in this seeming somewhat timeless place.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: days go by, and it, and time seems not to pass for you.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: returns to the Lizard Folk village to report back on what's happened and tell them things are safe. Is our
Timothy Sackton: um establish. It begins to sort of figure out how he will help heal the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and Esar also is a badass tattoo artist like super fucking skill, bad as tattoo artist, and like gives Kenzo like a sweet like Motua, and laying out like tattoo, like i'll figure out where and they they don't have to be magical. These are just like cool, cool, cool, you know, tattoos, but you know it's like, because, you know, lizard folk are fucking bad asset tattooing. So
Timothy Sackton: that is true, because it just seems like a jaguar and a and a snake tattoo on that. That's that's pretty pretty.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you? What So Where are you telling
Timothy Sackton: As as a
Timothy Sackton: that Gow says to send is I just thought of what the tattoo is going to be. You know how like uh Kansas got like a chlight scar on his forearm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's gonna be a snake wrapping around his forearm like around the the the the the chlight tattoo, so that the so that around the chlight wound, so that the wound is no longer just like a wound by itself. It's now like got like a super powerful snake, like wrapping around it, that that's going to be the tattoo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are, if that's okay with you. If you're if you're down with that
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I just texted you motu. By the way.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: That's what
you?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Um,
Timothy Sackton: It's actually mid journey. And then out painted in Dolly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's amazing sick.
Timothy Sackton: Um! So where are you telling? Uh,
Timothy Sackton: then, gal, that you want to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! Well, I get back on the messenger stone with the with the um with uh, uh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be Well be, and ask him where I should go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he's like
Timothy Sackton: didn't We agree to meet at the Fe while the Fay crossing year
Timothy Sackton: in northern Denmark, near the mountains and Ravenshold, and you know, Mrs. Tower,
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you go there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. I go there.
Timothy Sackton: Uh okay. So when you This is a little uh a little four shattering of Friday's adventure. So I have to do this. So when you go there, you you tell that's where you're going, and and he says,
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure
Timothy Sackton: that is,
Timothy Sackton: I know the crossing you speak of? That is last light Falls
Timothy Sackton: Cliff, a spring at the top, falling in rainbow colors.
Timothy Sackton: The Faye wilds.
Timothy Sackton: When the last light of day touches the water on this plain
Timothy Sackton: you will see it glow a brilliant golden hue, and the portal can be crossed.
Timothy Sackton: But it is in the
Timothy Sackton: realm of Amberglow,
Timothy Sackton: a ruined, deserted Faye realm, once world by the Cloud Spinner, the Queen of Sunset. You spun magical thread from the colors of the sky, from the clouds, from the sun,
Timothy Sackton: until she vanished.
Timothy Sackton: Her ram fell into decay.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know what you're doing going here.
Timothy Sackton: I don't Actually, I will send you, Anyway, any touch of you and Kenzo vanishes
Timothy Sackton: and appears on the top of a cliff in the fay. Wild, looking out across this vast,
Timothy Sackton: deserted, decaying F. Escape
Eric Rosenbaum: Aren't we supposed to be. I was supposed to be in the portal. I was for the outside. I thought I was in the material world on the other side of the portal. You're meeting in the Fay Wild.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've decided to meet in the F. A while,
Timothy Sackton: didn't you? Yeah, because the whole point was, you can travel through the fame while faster than normal world. But i'm already I already have a dude who's going to teleport me anywhere? Well, I just haven't like that. I thought it was just for telephone to the outside of the portal after after Friday. Seeker is going to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker is gonna meet you. So is the next secret venture on Friday. Okay, Yeah, I i'm busy. That's like the one that i'm busy, unfortunately, so I can't join you guys. But
Timothy Sackton: that's okay. Me. Casa has a home to get back to. So that's true that she does. She has
Timothy Sackton: she probably doesn't want to journey through the deserted? She's better than that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, ten. That was awesome. That was like super super great, really satisfying. I love that the the mechanic was not just like killing something else again. But it was like that was awesome. It was really really fun. That was really cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you know It's a me. I've brushed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait. What did we learn about garage? What was the thing that you learned about garage? I don't know sure I totally learned it. Eric Garage had this ability
Eric Rosenbaum: dead or soldier as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: by
Eric Rosenbaum: Japanese
Eric Rosenbaum: walls of the
Eric Rosenbaum: the River of Seoul's world whenever he came up
them back,
something like that
Eric Rosenbaum: stealing the souls back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! So he's like a he's like a motua. He's like one of those like a a Girard. Is that what was it called?
Timothy Sackton: He's teleported in and killed the Guardian, and like.
Timothy Sackton: And this all happened a year ago. I here in the vision. But that's clear, as you promote to that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Right? Yeah. But now my two is back,
Timothy Sackton: but it'll take me to some time to recover and make it back into the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Um yeah, that's fucking awesome. I love that Kenzo has a fucking like jaguar jaguar snake like mentor now like sick so cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh and look Yeah, it's just the diagram.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's just a jaguar mo, too, as a cat snake. Right? Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um. And like, maybe democracy is not over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you looking at election results? It's going well, Hassan. One in New Hampshire, Bennett, one in Colorado. Kelly is crushing it in Arizona
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Herschel walkers up like very slightly veterans up one and a half points.
Timothy Sackton: That's the main one I care about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but it looks like it looks like we're we're gonna I mean Nevada Hasn't even been counted yet. But the way it's looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm a pessimist by nature. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um! The the the Democrats are going to crush narrative is like not happening like that's happening in the house, too. Apparently it's like we're we're like actually not getting crushed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but Republicans are still going to control the house. They'll definitely control the house, but it's not going to be. It might be like by seven, instead of by fifty Federman on track to win in in Pennsylvania with a greater than ninety-five percent chance to win according to our estimates
Timothy Sackton: for New York Times. Okay, that's good that's makes me encouraged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Democratic chance of winning the House have slowly started to tick up. Now, up to not twenty-nine up from twenty. One percent of the start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's shocking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it looks like veterans gonna win.
Timothy Sackton: And if you, if it's betterman, wins, then, even if Warnock I mean, I would hate for Warnock to lose, because I think he's a good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what it looks like, what's like, what like Georgia is going to be under fifty. They're going to do it right. So it's going to be a run off, have you? I guess,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because even with the amount he's up right now it's it's good. No, neither of them has got fifty,
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Wow! That's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it'll be a whole additional. Yeah, it's like what happened last last last cycle, remember? When, like when uh both both Senate Senate seats were up, and both went into runoffs, and then both
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one in December.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
Timothy Sackton: how is the um the
Timothy Sackton: Where was it Michigan or somebody had it in portion Right spelled amendment, Arizona. Maybe I forget where it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah, also like that crazy? Asked person the governor of the Governor of Arizona. Um, Kelly Lake. What's her name
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so far?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I kind of want to know how the masked out initiatives did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How'd you guys vote on that stuff? I didn't wasn't totally sure what the vote like. Yes, I voted yes, on
Timothy Sackton: one in four, and I didn't vote on two or three, because i'm like what? The why isn't the Legislature legislating? Why, don't I I didn't understand what two and three were totally I I voted yes on to, but maybe I don't know if I should have
Timothy Sackton: three. I didn't vote because I just didn't understand how that was, and I didn't get it.
Timothy Sackton: I I am opposed to,
Timothy Sackton: but it looks like one and four are winning.
Timothy Sackton: That seems reasonable
Eric Rosenbaum: which I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the million. I thought I thought the Democrats are going to get slaughtered, and the fact that it's not a slaughter. I'm like very pleased by.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's there.
Timothy Sackton: I thought it was going to be close, and
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if fireman holds on in Pennsylvania, Oz is just such a hor like horrible person, I mean. My God, it's like what? What madness if you were to win! But it doesn't look like it!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is looking like, Run off land, and if it's run off land. It just feels like the more harsh walker walks around, the more people are not going to vote for him. But that's my optimistic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so. How how does that work? Help?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yeah, the run off thing is,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if the Republicans win the House and the Democrats, and it's A.
Timothy Sackton: The Democrats have fifty. So a Federman wins,
Timothy Sackton: and if what's her name holds on in Nevada,
Timothy Sackton: I bet you that would actually really help Warnock in a run off because the Republicans will be like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why bother to vote? It can't change the Senate right?
Timothy Sackton: And they've already won the House, so it's already divided government, whereas the Democrats will be super motivated because
Timothy Sackton: they are. They'll be just pissed right.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know who knows? It's impossible to predict. Nobody thought they were gonna that him. And also we're gonna win their run offs in two thousand and twenty, and they crushed it. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you keep you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyway, I should probably go to bed, but that was playing D was way better than watching election results coming in real time. That was great. Yeah, that was awesome to was really fun.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um. Oh, hey, before we go. Um. So i'm trying to look at
Timothy Sackton: uh figuring out when we can restart
Timothy Sackton: looking at like playing the like real campaign like. Do you know, trying to look at what scheduling looks like? And remember,
Timothy Sackton: Kong, you said you were going somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When are we thinking about like my My hope was to play like one or two sessions,
Timothy Sackton: just kind of like low-key casual like the campfire scene where you all tell your stories, and we do a little session zero point five like,
Timothy Sackton: remind ourselves about
Timothy Sackton: where the campaign is going, and just like general like, Hey, hang out nice to see you all because I've seen everybody, but, like
Timothy Sackton: we haven't had it all four people together right? So.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: So I was hoping to do like one or two sessions in December,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
Timothy Sackton: and then, like really restart with like the
Timothy Sackton: they like plot, remind us all what's happening.
Timothy Sackton: Probably in early January.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, ten, the only thing my my December um just an fyi I i'm in Thailand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from the sixteenth to the twenty second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will not be able to do that. But other than that I'm i'm free.
Timothy Sackton: Schwartz told me that, like the two weeks before Christmas, are pretty much out for him,
Timothy Sackton: because he's just got way too much to do with church.
Timothy Sackton: So, so optimistically we would do. We would probably. I would probably try and do like one or two set like maybe just do
Timothy Sackton: the first two weeks in December, or something like that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for me.
Cool,
Timothy Sackton: but all
Timothy Sackton: all
figure it out. I'll text people like this weekend, or
sometime this week to try and confirm,
Timothy Sackton: because i'm hoping
Timothy Sackton: I have, like a little mini say wild arc, that'll be like one session,
Timothy Sackton: and then you'll exit the Faye wild and risen It'll be there to meet you with like, hey? Here's all this news. Make a big plot
Timothy Sackton: reset.
Timothy Sackton: We've been gone for like eight years, or something like that. And like the Great War, the great war Part three is
Timothy Sackton: so a lot could have happened in that time.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, great. I'm going to go to bed now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Connect guys. Good night.